Both the CI and LAI can be obtained from global Earth Observation data from sensors such as the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectrometer ( MODIS ) .
Here , the synergy between a MODIS - based CI and a MODIS LAI product is examined using the theory of spectral invariants , also referred to as photon recollision probability ( ' p - theory ' ) , along with raw LAI - 2000 / 2200 Plant Canopy Analyzer data from 75 sites distributed across a range of plant functional types .
We show that empirically - based CI maps can be integrated with the MODIS LAI product .
Our results indicate that it is feasible to derive approximate p - values for any location solely from Earth Observation data .
This approximation is relevant for future applications of the photon recollision probability concept for global and local monitoring of vegetation using Earth Observation data .
Herein , using 17 years of ocean - color composites , we investigate differences in the regional patterns of interannual variability in satellite - derived chlorophyll ( Chl ) , a proxy for phytoplankton biomass .
The Operational Land Imager ( OLI ) onboard Landsat - 8 satellite can provide remote sensing reflectance ( R - rs ) of aquatic environments with high spatial resolution ( 30 m ) , allowing for benthic habitat mapping and monitoring of bathymetry and water column optical properties .
To facilitate these applications , accurate sensor - derived R - rs is required .
In this study , we assess atmospheric correction schemes , including NASA ' s NIR - SWIR approach , Acolite ' s NIR and SWIR approaches and the cloud - shadow approach .
We provide the first comprehensive evaluation for Landsat - 8 R - rs retrievals in optically shallow coral reefs , along with an investigation of Landsat - 8 R - rs products in a temperate turbid embayment .
The obtained Landsat - 8 R - rs data products are evaluated with concurrent in situ hyperspectral R - rs measurements .
Our analyses show that the NASA and the cloud - shadow approaches generated reliable R - rs products across shallow coral reefs and optically deep waters .
This evaluation suggests that high quality R - rs products are achievable from the Landsat - 8 satellite in optically shallow environments , which supports further application of Landsat - 8 type measurements for coral reef studies .
The L - band ( 1 . 41 GHz ) passive microwave remote sensing technique is the approach used by the first satellites dedicated to soil moisture measurement , the European Space Agency ' s ( ESA ) Soil Moisture and Ocean Salinity ( SMOS ) , and the Soil Moisture Active Passive ( SMAP ) mission developed by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ) .
These satellites aim to provide global soil moisture maps for the top similar to 5 cm layer of soil with an accuracy better than 0 . 04 m ( 3 ) / m ( 3 ) .
However , with a passive microwave observing resolution of similar to 40 km , non - soil targets such as surface rock may possibly confound the brightness temperature observations and degrade the accuracy of retrievals for many SMOS and SMAP pixels across the world .
Since the microwave contribution of rock is not well accounted for in current soil moisture retrieval algorithms , simply ignoring its existence may be detrimental to the performance of resultant soil moisture products .
Lacking dense ground - measurement networks , we simulated k - NN interpolation of sensor data using selected pixels of a bi - weekly Lidar - derived snow water equivalent product . k - NN extrapolations underestimate the Lidar - derived SWE , with a maximum bias of - 10 cm at elevations below 3000 m and + 15 cm above 3000 m .
Using as few as 10 scenes of Lidar - derived SWE from 2014 as training data in the k - NN to estimate the 2016 spatial SWE , both RMSEs and MAEs were reduced from around 20 - 25 cm to 10 - 15 cm comparing to using SWE reconstructions as training data .
Blending continuous spatially representative ground - based sensors with a historical library of SWE reconstructions over the same basin can provide real - time spatial SWE maps that accurately represents Lidar - measured snow depth ; and the estimates can be improved by using historical Lidar scans instead of SWE reconstructions .
Passive ocean color remote sensing has revolutionized our ability to quantify the horizontal distribution of phytoplankton across the ocean surface .
Lidar technology can provide remotely sensed estimates of the vertical distribution of optical properties and suspended particles in natural waters , significantly improving our ability to model upper ocean biogeochemical processes .
In this study , we constructed and deployed a ship - based lidar system to measure laser backscattering and linear depolarization profiles in the coastal Mid - Atlantic ranging from estuarine to oceanic conditions , and across the Gulf of Maine ( GoM ) .
The instrument identified layers with different backscattering intensity in stratified waters of the coastal Mid - Atlantic and produced system attenuation coefficients ( K - sys ) approximating the absorption coefficient ( a ( pg ) ) of particulate + dissolved matter .
These results support the proposition that ship - based lidar systems can provide a powerful tool for remotely measuring the vertical distributions of optical properties and geochemical constituents ( e . g . , particles ) in the upper ocean .
Continued development of compact lidar systems for deployment on ships , moorings , and autonomous platforms has the potential to greatly improve the quality and scope of a variety of oceanographic investigations .
A novel approach to characterize the physiological conditions of plants from hyperspectral remote sensing data through the numerical inversion of a light version of the SCOPE model is proposed .
The combined retrieval of vegetation biochemical and biophysical parameters and Sun - induced chlorophyll fluorescence ( F ) was investigated exploiting high resolution spectral measurements in the visible and near - infrared spectral regions .
Then , it was applied to very high resolution ( sub - nanometer ) canopy level spectral measurements collected over a lawn treated with different doses of a herbicide ( Chlorotoluron ) known to instantaneously inhibit both Photochemical and Non - Photochemical Quenching ( PQ and NPQ , respectively ) .
For the first time the full spectrum of canopy F , the fluorescence quantum yield ( Phi ( F ) ) , as well as the main vegetation parameters that control light absorption and reabsorption , were retrieved concurrently using canopy - level high resolution apparent reflectance ( rho * ) spectra .
As a reference , F values obtained with the model inversion were compared to those retrieved with state of the art Spectral Fitting Methods ( SFM ) and SpecFit retrieval algorithms applied on field data .
These results foster the use of repeated hyperspectral remote sensing observations together with radiative transfer and biochemical models for plant status monitoring .
Remote sensing data are most useful if they are available with sufficient precision , accuracy , spatiotemporal and spectral sampling , as well as continuity across decades .
The Landsat and Sentinel series , as well other satellites are currently covering significant parts of this observational trade space .
It can be expected that growing demands and budget constraints will require new capabilities in orbit that can address as many observables as possible with a single instrument .
Recent optical performance improvements of imaging spectrometers make them true alternatives to traditional multispectral imagers .
However , they are much more adaptable to a wide range of Earth observation needs due to the combination of continuous high spectral sampling with spatial sampling consistent with previous sensors ( e . g . , Landsat ) .
Unfortunately , there is a knowledge gap in demonstrating that imaging spectroscopy data can substitute for multi - spectral data while sustaining the long - term record .
Thus , the objective of this analysis is to test the hypothesis that imaging spectroscopy data compare radiometrically with multi - spectral data to within 5 % .
Using a coincident Airborne Visible / Infrared Imaging Spectrometer ( AVIRIS ) flight with over - passing Operational Land Imager ( OLI ) data on Landsat 8 , we document a procedure for simulating OLI multi - spectral bands from AVIRIS data , evaluate influencing factors on the observed radiance , and assess the difference in top - of - atmosphere radiance as compared to OLI .
The procedure for simulating OLI data include spectral convolution , accounting for the minimal atmospheric effects between the two sensors , and spatial resampling .
The remaining differences between the simulated and the real OLI data result mainly from differences in sensor calibration , surface bi - directional reflectance , and spatial sampling .
The median relative radiometric difference for each band ranges from - 8 . 3 % to 0 . 6 % .
This analysis therefore successfully demonstrates that imaging spectrometer data can contribute to Landsat - type or other multi - spectral data records .
It also shows that cross - calibration from a spectrometer to a radiometer can be easily performed as a result of the imaging spectrometer high spectral sampling and its ability to recreate multi - spectral response functions .
Compared with time - and labor - intensive field surveys , remote sensing provides the only realistic approach to mapping canopy defoliation by herbivorous insects over large spatial and temporal scales .
However , the spectral and structural signatures of defoliation by insects at the individual tree level have not been well studied .
Additionally , the predictive power of spectral and structural metrics for mapping canopy defoliation has seldom been compared .
During the peak of a gypsy moth outbreak in Long Island , New York in summer 2016 , we leveraged bi - temporal airborne imaging spectroscopy ( IS , i . e . , hyperspectral imaging ) and LiDAR measurements at 1 m spatial resolution to explore the spectral and structural signatures of canopy defoliation in a mixed oak - pine forest .
We determined that red edge and near - infrared spectral regions within the IS data were most sensitive to crown - scale defoliation severity .
LiDAR measurements including B70 ( i . e . , 70th bincentile height ) , intensity skewness , and kurtosis were effectively able to detect structural changes caused by herbivorous insects .
In addition to canopy leaf loss , increased exposure of understory and non - photosynthetic materials contributed to the detected spectral and structural signatures .
Comparing the ability of individual sensors to map canopy defoliation , the LiDAR - only Ordinary Least - Square ( OLS ) model performed better than the IS - only model ( Adj . R - squared = 0 . 77 , RMSE = 15 . 37 % vs . Adj . Rsquared = 0 . 63 , RMSE = 19 . 11 % ) .
The IS + LiDAR model improved on performance of the individual sensors ( Adj . R - squared = 0 . 81 , RMSE = 14 . 46 % ) .
Our study improves our understanding of spectral and structural signatures of defoliation by herbivorous insects and presents a novel approach for mapping insect defoliation at the individual tree level .
Additionally , with the current and next generation of spaceborne sensors ( e . g . , WorldView - 3 , Landsat , Sentinel - 2 , HyspIRI , and GEDI ) , higher accuracy and frequent monitoring of insect defoliation may become more feasible across a range of spatial scales , which are critical for ecological research and management of forest resources including the economic consequences of forest insect infestations ( e . g . , reduced growth and increased mortality ) , as well as for informing and testing of carbon cycle models .
Rugged terrain distorts optical remote sensing signals , and land - cover classification and biophysical parameter retrieval over mountainous regions must account for topographic effects .
Therefore , topographic correction is a prerequisite for many remote sensing applications .
The PLC method was derived from the solution to the classic radiative transfer equation , and the influence of terrain on the radiative transfer process within the canopy is explicitly considered , making PLC physically sound .
The radiative transfer equation was simplified to make PLC mathematically simple .
Near - nadir observations derived from a Landsat 8 Operational Land Imager ( OLI ) image covering a mountainous region and wide field - of - view observations derived from simulation using a canopy reflectance model were combined to test the PLC correction method .
Near - surface specific humidity ( q ( a ) ) and air temperature ( T - a ) over the global ocean are important meteorological variables , but they cannot be retrieved directly from remote sensing .
Many efforts have been made to develop algorithms that derive q ( a ) and T - a from multisensor microwave and / or infrared observations using in situ measurements as training datasets .
In this study , 147 moored surface buoys are used to examine how buoy measured q ( a ) and T - a are related to satellite microwave brightness temperature ( Tb ) on the spatial scale from the warm / humid tropics to the cold / dry high latitudes .
The new algorithms are applied to 11 microwave sensors , including SSM / I , SSMIS , and AMSU - A , from 1988 to 2016 .
Urban geometry and materials combine to create complex spatial , temporal and directional patterns of longwave infrared ( LWIR ) radiation .
Effective anisotropy ( or directional variability ) of thermal radiance causes remote sensing ( RS ) derived urban surface temperatures to vary with RS view angles .
Here a new and novel method to resolve effective thermal anisotropy processes from LWIR camera observations is demonstrated at the Comprehensive Outdoor Scale MOdel ( COSMO ) test site .
To understand this variability , the orientation and shadowing of surfaces is explored using the Discrete Anisotropic Radiative Transfer ( DART ) model and Blender three - dimensional ( 3D ) rendering software .
Observed pixels and the entire canopy surface are classified in terms of surface orientation and illumination .
To assess the variability of exitant longwave radiation ( M - LW ) from the 3D COSMO surface ( M - LW ( 3D ) ) , the observations are prescribed based on class .
The parameterisation is tested by simulating thermal images using a camera view model to determine camera perspectives of M - LW ( 3D ) fluxes .
The mean brightness temperature differences per image ( simulated and observed ) are within 0 . 65 K throughout a 24 - h period .
Pixel - level comparisons are possible with the high spatial resolution of M ( LW ) ( 3D ) and DART camera view simulations .
At this spatial scale ( < 0 . 10 m ) , shadow hysteresis , surface sky view factor and building edge effects are not completely resolved by M - LW ( 3D ) .
By simulating apparent brightness temperatures from multiple view directions , effective thermal anisotropy of M ( LW ) ( 3D ) is shown to be up to 6 . 18 K .
The extension of DART to the interpretation of ground - based RS is shown to be promising .
In this paper , we introduced a new generation of high spatial resolution and multi - spectral night - time light imagery from the satellite JL1 - 3B .
We examined its effectiveness for monitoring the spatial pattern and discriminating the types of artificial light based on a case study of Hangzhou , China .
Specifically , local Moran ' s I analysis was applied to identify artificial light hotspots .
Then , we analyzed the relationship between artificial light brightness and land uses at the parcel - level , which were generated from GF - 2 imagery and open social datasets .
Third , a machine learning based method was proposed to discriminate the type of lighting sources - between high pressure sodium lamps ( HPS ) and light - emitting diode lamps ( LED ) - by incorporating their spectral information and morphology feature .
This study demonstrates the effectiveness of JL1 - 3B and its superiority over previous night - time light data in detecting details of lighting objects and the nightscape pattern , and suggests that JL1 - 3B and alike could open up new opportunities for the advancement of night - time remote sensing .
Multiangle remote sensing plays a central role in the development of algorithms for the retrieval of various surface biophysical parameters that are influenced by the reflectance anisotropy .
Within the past decade , spaceborne multiangle observations acquired by the MODerate resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer ( MODIS ) sensor ( which has a gridded spatial resolution of 500 m ) and by the POLarization and Directionality of Earth Reflectances ( POLDER ) sensor ( which has a spatial resolution of 6 x 7 km ) have been used for a wide variety of global applications .
However , it is necessary to fully understand the variability inherent in the surface BRDF information as retrieved from MODIS and POLDER at these two spatial resolutions to optimize their use .
In this study , we make use of extensive POLDER Bidirectional Reflectance Factors ( BRFs ) selected from the entire archive of the POLDER BRDF database and standard MODIS BRDF parameter products ( MCD43A1 , Collection V005 ) that were geolocated within the same spatial extents as the POLDER data .
The variability in surface BRDF is characterized by investigation of three BRDF model parameters as retrieved from MODIS and POLDER and a comprehensive index indicating the variations in the primary dome - bowl BRDF patterns ( the anisotropic flat index ( AFX ) ) .
The main findings of this study show that the variability in surface BRDF , as extracted from the MODIS and POLDER datasets , shares six reciprocal BRDF archetypes .
However , the 500 - m MODIS BRDF data can uniquely capture some additional extreme BRDF shapes mainly due to the data ' s finer pixel scales .
This study provides evidence concerning the influence of spatial resolution on angular variation patterns of optical reflectance as retrieved from the MODIS and POLDER BRDF products .
Thus , remote sensing techniques for monitoring and measuring methane emissions are of increasing interest .
Recently , the Airborne Visible - Infrared Imaging Spectrometer - Next Generation ( AVIRIS - NG ) has proven to be a valuable instrument for quantitative mapping of methane plumes .
To explore these sensitivities , we applied the Iterative Maximum a Posterior Differential Optical Absorption Spectroscopy ( IMAP - DOAS ) methane retrieval algorithm to synthetic reflected radiances with variable methane concentrations , albedo , surface cover , and aerosols .
We found that dark surfaces ( below 0 . 10 mu Wcm ( - 2 ) nm ( - 1 ) sr ( - 1 ) at 2139 nm ) , such as water and green vegetation , and materials with absorption features in the 2200 - 2400 nm range caused higher errors in retrieval results .
We also found that aerosols have little influence on retrievals in the SWIR .
Results from the synthetic scene are consistent with those observed in IMAP - DOAS retrievals for real AVIRIS - NG scenes containing methane plumes from a waste dairy lagoon and coal mine ventilation shafts .
Understanding the effect of surface properties on methane retrievals is important given the increased use of AVIRIS - NG to map gas plumes from a diversity of sources over variable landscapes .
The temporal dynamics of optimum stomatal conductance ( g ( smax ) ) , as well differences between C - 3 and C - 4 crops , have rarely been considered in previous remote sensing ( RS ) - based Jarvis - type canopy conductance ( G ( c ) ) models .
To address this issue , a RS - based two - leaf Jarvis - type G ( c ) model , RST - G ( c ) , was optimized and validated for C - 3 and C - 4 crops using 19 crop flux sites across Europe , North America , and China .
RST - G ( c ) included restrictive functions for air temperature , vapor pressure deficit , and soil water deficit , and it used satellite - retrieved NDVI to formulate the temporal variation of g ( smax ) defined at a photosynthetic photon flux density ( PPFD ) of 2000 mu mol m ( - 2 ) s ( - 1 ) ( g ( sm , 2000 ) ) .
Results showed that the parameters of RST - G ( c ) differed between C - 3 and C - 4 crops .
RST - G ( c ) successfully simulated variations in Penman - Monteith ( PM ) - derived daytime G ( c ) with R - 2 = 0 . 57 for both C - 3 and C - 4 crops .
RST - G ( c ) was incorporated into a revised evapotranspiration ( ET ) model and a new gross primary productivity ( GPP ) model .
Efforts were made in the revised ET model ( denoted as RS - WBPM2 ) , which was modified from the water balance based RS - PM ( RS - WBPM ) model of Bai et al . ( 2017 ) , to address this issue by calculating transpiration using daytime inputs .
The results imply that the RS - WBPM2 and IBBL models are useful tools for modeling regional and global ET and GPP .
The occurrence of water shortages ascribed to projected climate change , especially in the Mediterranean region , fosters the interest in remote sensing ( RS ) applications to optimize water use in agriculture .
Remote sensing evapotranspiration and water demand estimation over large cultivated areas were used to manage irrigation to minimize losses during the crop growing cycle .
The research aimed to explore the potential of the MultiSpectral Instrument ( MSI ) sensor on board Sentinel - 2A to estimate crop parameters , mainly surface albedo ( alpha ) and Leaf Area Index ( LAI ) that influence the dynamics of potential evapotranspiration ( ETp ) and Irrigation Water Requirements ( IWR ) of processing tomato crop ( Solanum lycopersicum L . ) .
Maximum tomato ETp was calculated according to the FAO Penman - Monteith equation ( FAO - 56 PM ) using appropriate values of canopy parameters derived by processing Sentinel - 2A data in combination with daily weather information .
The results showed that canopy growth , maximum evapotranspiration ( ETp ) and IWR were accurately inferred from satellite observations following seasonal rainfall and air temperature patterns .
The net estimated IWR from satellite observations for the two - growing seasons was about 272 and 338 mm in 2016 and 2017 , respectively .
Our findings indicated the suitability of Sentinel - 2A to predict tomato water demand at field level , providing useful information for optimizing the irrigation over extended farmland .
Reliable identification of clouds is necessary for any type of optical remote sensing image analysis , especially in operational and fully automatic setups .
One of the most elaborated and widespread algorithms , namely Fmask , was initially developed for the Landsat suite of satellites .
Despite their similarity , application to Sentinel - 2 imagery is currently hampered by the unavailability of a thermal band , and although results can be improved when taking the cirrus band into account , Sentinel - 2 cloud detections are unsatisfactory in two points .
( 1 ) Low altitude clouds can be undetectable in the cirrus band , and ( 2 ) bright land surfaces - especially built - up structures - are often misclassified as clouds when only considering spectral information .
In this paper , we present the Cloud Displacement Index ( CDI ) , which makes use of the three highly correlated near infrared bands that are observed with different view angles .
The Sentinel - 2 optical satellites provide a global coverage of land surfaces with a 5 - day revisit time at the Equator .
We investigate the ability of these freely available optical images to detect precursory motions before rapid landslides .
A 9 - month time - series of displacement is derived from Sentinel - 2 data over a major landslide in the French Alps , which exhibited a sudden reactivation in June 2016 .
The location of this precursory motion is consistent with that of the slow motions occurring since 2001 ( about 1 m / year ) , as revealed by aerial photographs and LiDAR analysis .
This change in activity over a very short period of time ( days ) emphasizes the value of the frequent revisit time of Sentinel - 2 , despite its medium resolution of 10 m .
We finally simulate the ability of Sentinel - 2 for detecting these precursory patterns before a rapid landslide occurs , based on typical Voight ' s laws for creeping materials , characterized by a power law exponent a .
Based on this analysis and on global cloud cover maps , we compute the probability to detect pre - failure motions of landslides using the Sentinel - 2 constellation .
These results open new perspectives for the early warning of large landslide motion from global and open source remote sensing data .
Remote sensing studies of vegetation phenology increasingly benefit from freely available satellite imagery acquired with high temporal frequency at fine spatial resolution .
Particularly for heterogeneous landscapes this is good news , given the drawback of medium - resolution sensors commonly used for phenology retrieval ( e . g . , MODIS ) to properly represent the fine - scale spatial variability of vegetation types .
The Sentinel - 2 mission acquires spectral data globally at 10 to 60 m resolution every five days .
To illustrate the mission ' s potential for studying vegetation phenology , we retrieved phenological parameters for the Dutch barrier island Schiermonnikoog for a full season of Sentinel - 2A observations in 2016 .
Overlapping orbits resulted in two acquisitions per 10 days , similar to what is achieved globally since the launch of Sentinel - 2B .
For eight locations on the island ' s salt marsh we compared greenness chromatic coordinate ( GCC ) series derived from digital repeat RGB - cameras with vegetation index series derived from Sentinel - 2 ( NDVI and GCC ) .
Variability in Sentinel - 2 derived SOS , when taken as the midpoint between minimum and peak NDVI , was well - explained by camera GCC - based SOS ( R - 2 = 0 . 74 , MSD = 8 . 0 days , RMSD = 13 . 0 days ) .
A two - layer canopy radiative transfer model incorporating reduced chlorophyll levels in the upper layer provided a physically - based explanation of the viewing angle effect .
Our results demonstrate the potential of the Sentinel - 2 mission for providing spatially - detailed retrievals of phenology .
With the rapid development of remote sensing technology , how to accurately detect changes that have occurred on the land surface has been a critical task , particularly when images come from different satellite sensors .
In this letter , we propose an unsupervised change detection method for heterogeneous synthetic aperture radar ( SAR ) and optical images based on the logarithmic transformation feature learning framework .
First , the logarithmic transformation is applied to the SAR image that aims to achieve similar statistical distribution properties as the optical image .
When it is trained well , a robust change map can be obtained , thus identifying changed regions accurately .
Synthetic aperture radar ( SAR ) is one of the most widely employed remote sensing modalities for large - scale monitoring of maritime activity .
Ship detection in SAR images is a challenging task due to inherent speckle , discernible sea clutter , and the little exploitable shape information the targets present .
The performance of this modified SP - CFAR algorithm is demonstrated on TerraSAR - X and SENTINEL - 1 images , achieving superior results in comparison to classical CFAR for various background distributions .
In this letter , we propose a new robust unmixing algorithm that is based on stacked nonnegative sparse autoencoders ( NNSAEs ) for hyperspectral data with outliers and low signal - to - noise ratio .
The effectiveness of the proposed method is evaluated on both synthetic and real hyperspectral data .
Hyperspectral remote sensing images present rich information on the characteristics of different physical materials .
The results suggest that the supervised - learning p - norm distance metric can improve the performance of a classifier for hyperspectral remote sensing image classification .
To evaluate the application potential of hyperspectral imaging , the automated spectral mapping and subpixel classification is used to classify the EO - 1 satellite Hyperion data .
Once the endmembers are extracted from the conventional hyperspectral processing steps ( namely , atmospheric correction , noise reduction , pixel purity , and n - dimensional visualization ) , these endmembers are resolved for constituent rock minerals .
A first and essential procedure toward flood monitoring is based on identifying the area most vulnerable to flooding , which gives authorities relevant regions to focus .
In this letter , we propose several methods to perform flooding identification in high - resolution remote sensing images using deep learning .
The evaluation of the proposed methods was conducted in a high - resolution remote sensing data set .
Accurate land cover classification and detection of objects in high - resolution electro - optical remote sensing imagery ( RSI ) have long been a challenging task .
We achieve 99 . 70 % , 99 . 66 % , 97 . 74 % , and 97 . 30 % classification accuracies on the PatternNet , RSI - CB256 , aerial image , and RESISC - 45 data sets , respectively , using the Choquet integral with a novel data - driven optimization method presented in this letter .
While there has been a substantial progress in the measurements of glacial surface , ice thickness measurements still suffer from limited coverage and strong interpolation .
Furthermore , there are some glaciated areas where typical remote sensing techniques provide only limited data due to unfavorable climatic conditions and steep topography .
In order to close that gap , this letter presents a simple method of inferring the subglacial topography based on repeated terrestrial laser scanning of the ice surface and inverse shallow ice approximation modeling .
Emerald Icefalls , King George Island , were surveyed twice within eight - day period , allowing to derive ice surface velocity field by feature tracking analysis and to estimate ice thickness and the subglacial topography .
Semantic segmentation of LiDAR and high - resolution aerial imagery is one of the most challenging topics in the remote sensing domain .
Deep convolutional neural network ( CNN ) and its derivatives have recently shown the abilities in pixel - wise prediction of remote sensing data .
Many existing deep learning methods fuse LiDAR and high - resolution aerial imagery towards an inter - modal mode and thus overlook the intra - modal statistical characteristics .
The multi - filter CNN aggregates LiDAR data and high - resolution optical imagery by multi modal data fusion for semantic labelling , and the MRS is further used to delineate object boundaries for reducing the salt - and - pepper artifacts .
Experiment results show that our combined method is an efficient solution for the semantic segmentation of LiDAR and high - resolution imagery .
Accurate assessments of forest resources rely on ground truth data that are collected via in - situ measurements , which are fundamental for all other statistical - and / or remote - sensing - based deductions on quantified forest attributes .
In - situ measurements from mobile platforms seem to be a promising technique to solve this problem and are estimated at least 10 times faster than static techniques ( e . g . , terrestrial laser scanning , TLS ) at the plot level .
However , the mobile platforms are still at the very early stages of development , and it is unclear which three - dimensional ( 3D ) forest measurements the mobile systems can provide and at what accuracy .
Two mobile platforms were used to collect field data , where the same laser - scanning system was both mounted on top of a vehicle and wore by an operator .
The static in - situ observation from TLS is used as a baseline for the evaluation .
The evaluation results indicate that the mobile platforms can assess homogeneous forests as well as static observations , but they cannot yet assess heterogeneous forest as required by practical applications .
Laser scanning generates a point cloud from which geometries can be extracted , but most methods struggle to do this automatically , especially for the entirety of an architecturally complex building ( as opposed to that of a single facade ) .
This paper presents , for indoor environments , a novel semantic line framework - based modeling building method using backpacked laser scanning point cloud data .
The proposed method first semantically labels the raw point clouds into the walls , ceiling , floor , and other objects .
Ground filtering is an essential procedure in almost all LiDAR applications .
Here , we propose a simple terrain relief index derived from raw airborne LiDAR data to automatically tune the slope - related parameters of ground filtering algorithms .
The latter variable can be estimated with the maximum local height difference of raw LiDAR data through gridding .
We validated our method using the benchmark airborne LiDAR datasets provided by the International Society for Photogrammetry and Remote Sensing .
The terrain relief index can estimate the terrain relief amplitude from raw airborne LiDAR data , and the parameter settings suggested in this paper for the filtering algorithm can improve automation .
In this paper we present a novel 1D - fully convolutional network that consumes terrain - normalized points directly with the corresponding spectral data ( if available ) to generate point wise labeling while implicitly learning contextual features in an end - to - end fashion .
Our method uses only the 3D - coordinates and three corresponding spectral features for each point .
Spectral features may either be extracted from 2D - georeferenced images , as shown here for Light Detection and Ranging ( LiDAR ) point clouds , or extracted directly for passive - derived point clouds , i . e . from multiple - view imagery .
The framework has two key components . ( 1 ) Initially , several suitable discriminative low - level local features are extracted from airborne laser scanning point cloud , and 3D terrain scene is encoded into multi - view and multimodal 2D representation . ( 2 ) A two - level fusion network embedded with feature - and decision - level fusion strategy is designed to fully exploit the 2D representation of 3D terrain scene , which can be trained end - to - end .
We propose a new approach for automatic refinement of unorganized point clouds captured by LiDAR scanning systems .
Point cloud segmentation groups points with similar attributes with respect to geometric , colormetric , radiometric , and / or other information to support Terrestrial Laser Scanning ( TLS ) data processing such as feature extraction , classification , modeling , analysis , and so forth .
For efficiency , both steps exploit the angular grid structure storing each TLS scan that is often neglected in many segmentation algorithms , which are primarily developed for unorganized point clouds .
Additionally , unlike the existing methods exploiting the angular grid structure that can only be applied to a single scan , the proposed method is able to segment multiple registered scans simultaneously .
In this paper , a rigorous high - speed railway fastener inspection approach from structured light sensors is proposed to detect damaged and loose fasteners .
Firstly , precise and extremely dense point cloud of fasteners are obtained from commercial structured light sensors .
Correct estimation of soil and vegetation thermal emissivities is of huge importance in remote sensing studies .
It has been shown that the emissivity of leaves retrieved from field observations show subtle spectral features that are related to leaf water content .
However , such field measurements provide additional challenges before leaf water content can be successfully obtained , specifically atmospheric correction .
The aim of this research was to investigate how information within hyperspectral thermal observations can be used to auto - correct the atmospheric influence .
Hyperspectral thermal measurements were taken over a large variety of soil and vegetation types ( including vineyard and barley ) during ESA ' s REFLEX campaign in 2012 using a MIDAC FTIR radiometer .
Using MODTRAN simulations , a simple quadratic model was constructed that emulates the atmosphere radiative transfer between the target and the sensor .
The accurate monitoring of TP concentration is conducive to the management of water environments .
To improve the accuracy of TP remote sensing inversion , this paper improved and studied the following three aspects .
Finally , the performance of the classification and inversion algorithms on Sentinel - 3 data was evaluated and one image was acquired for mapping the TP concentration in Taihu Lake .
This is significant for the development of class - based water quality parameter inversion algorithms for water color remote sensing , and this approach can be applied in the effective management and control of the eutrophication of lake environments .
High spatial resolution hyperspectral imagery has shown considerable potential for deriving accurate land cover maps in urban areas .
In this paper , a new classification framework for mapping land cover in urban environments using high spatial resolution hyperspectral data was proposed .
The proposed classification scheme was applied to map urban land cover using APEX data in the city of Baden , Switzerland .
Our experimental results demonstrate that the proposed classification framework is well suited for mapping land cover in urban environments using high resolution hyperspectral data .
Although the proposed method performs better than traditional methods in terms of soil classification accuracy , our findings emphasize that the soil class should be interpreted with caution in urban land cover maps derived from remote sensing data , even when high spatial resolution hyperspectral data are used .
Results from this study also demonstrate that although shaded surfaces are generally classified as a single category in urban environments , in high resolution hyperspectral data , the shadows can be further classified into meaningful land cover classes with an acceptable accuracy .
Therefore , a quantitative approach is proposed to assess an urban environmental quality index ( UEQI ) for Cali , Colombia , integrating remote sensing and census data .
Landsat TM images were used to extract biophysical indicators : land surface temperature ( LST ) , normalized difference vegetation index ( NDVI ) , soil adjusted vegetation index ( SAVI ) , leaf wetness content index ( LWCI ) , normalized humid index ( NHI ) , normalized difference built - up index ( NDBI ) , and normalized difference impervious surface index ( NDISI ) .
The Moderate - resolution Wide - wavelengths Imager ( MWI ) is the next - generation ocean - color sensor independently designed by China and was successfully launched on September 15 , 2016 onboard the Tiangong - 2 ( TG - 2 ) Space Lab .
It is currently urgent to assess the capability and data quality of the MWI sensor to determine its future applications .
In this study , we first assessed the signal - to - noise ratio ( SNR ) and the radiometric sensitivity of the MWI .
With this goal , we chose the third largest freshwater lake in China , Lake Taihu , as our test area and assessed the capability of the MWI to monitor the turbid inland waters by comparing its consistency with that of Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer ( MODIS ) data and Geostationary Ocean Color Imager ( GOCI ) data .
Our results show that ( 1 ) the SNR values of the MWI are greater than 400 in the visible band and are sufficient to effectively avoid ocean - color data errors caused by the sensor noise ; however , the SNR values of the MWI are below 200 in the near - infrared ( NIR ) band and are lower than the theoretical expectation for the design of ocean - color sensors ; ( 2 ) on the one hand , the MWI - derived remote sensing reflectance ( R - rs ) data have large errors in the blue band ( ( R - 2 < 0 . 20 , MAPE < 50 % ) ) but reduced errors in the red and NIR bands with a high correlation ( R - 2 > ( 190 , MAPE < 10 % ) compared with in situ R - rs ; on the other hand , the MWI - derived R - rs data are generally consistent with the MODIS - and GOCI - derived R - rs data ( ( ( R - 2 > 0 . 90 , MAPE < 10 % ) ) ) ; and ( 3 ) the MWI - derived concentration distributions of cyanobacterial algal blooms and suspended particulate matter ( SPM ) in Lake Taihu exhibit high spatial resolutions and good accuracies and are in good agreement with the corresponding distributions yielded by the MODIS and GOCI satellites ( ( ( R - 2 > 0 . 90 , MAPE < 10 % ) ) ) .
However , the MWI cannot detect signals at the important 700 - 710 bands and consequently has a relatively weak capability to detect chlorophyll - a ( Chia ) concentrations in inland waters .
In summary , as the Chinese next - generation ocean - color sensor , the overall performance metrics of the MWI approach the present international level .
Meanwhile , we suggest that the band of the MWI can be further optimized to improve the derived SNR values in the near - infrared band in order to satisfy the requirements of satellite observations over inland waters .
The LiDAR - derived Canopy height model ( CHM ) , due to its wide applications in forestry , is important for foresters .
This study evaluated the potential of five seasonal high resolution Pleiades satellite images for improving urban tree species classification in the City of Tampa , FL , USA .
We assessed and compared the capabilities of individual and combined Pleiades images acquired during different seasons for classifying the urban tree species to understand the seasonal effect on tree species mapping accuracy .
Species classification performance was compared between the five individual seasonal Pleiades images , between two combined dry - wet season images , and between the optimal single season and combined dry - wet season image data .
Shade image objects were spectrally normalized to similar sunlit image objects .
The tree species fraction features were extracted from the seasonal images using the Mixture Tuned Matching Filtering approach and used as additional features to a set of spectral and spatial / textural features .
Therefore , in practice , it is important to choose appropriate seasonal remote sensing data for mapping tree species .
Percent vegetation cover ( PVC ) and the fraction of absorbed photosynthetically active radiation ( fAPAR ) are important functional variables for assessing Arctic vegetation density and vigor .
The spatial and temporal patterns of PVC and fAPAR in the context of NDVI derived from remote sensing data were examined .
Field measures of PVC and fAPAR demonstrated strong relationships to field NDVI data and the vegetation indices ( VIs ) derived from 2 m - resolution WorldView - 2 data , thereby providing further evidence that VIs are well - suited for modelling PVC and fAPAR of Arctic vegetation .
Global - scale surface soil moisture products are currently available from multiple remote sensing platforms .
However , by taking active and passive soil moisture products together with a third independent soil moisture estimates via land surface modeling , triple collocation ( TC ) can be applied to estimate the correlation metric of satellite soil moisture products ( versus an unknown ground truth ) over a quasi - global domain .
The availability of remote sensing images of various resolutions has enabled the incorporation of landscape structures in land - cover mapping .
Moreover , methods for mining the regularity of landscape - structure heterogeneity ( ( i . e . , spatial variations in landscape structures ) ) are still limited , particularly for applications in urban land - cover mapping .
This study hence proposes a novel approach with the aims to ( 1 ) characterize landscape structures considering the above three elements ; ( 2 ) mine the regularity of landscape - structure heterogeneity ; and ( 3 ) apply landscape - structure information as contexts to improve urban land - cover mapping .
This study therefore demonstrates the effectiveness of incorporating landscape - structure features and landscape - structure types in improving urban land - cover mapping .
This study leveraged the high spatial and temporal coverage provided by remote - sensing ocean colour products , and the concept of biogeographical classification to delineate areas in the pelagic environment with application to marine conservation .
Satellite - derived and modelled biogeophysical data were used to delineate an area of biological and physical homogeneity spatially consistent with the static boundaries of the Scotian Slope Ecologically and Biologically Significant Area ( EBSA ) , off eastern Canada .
We used iterative cluster analysis applied to an archive ( 2004 - 2014 ) that consisted of remotely - sensed Chlorophyll a , sea - surface temperature , and primary production derived from the Moderate resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer ( MODIS ) , and simulated mixed layer depth to define " dynamic " boundaries of the EBSA at bi - weekly , seasonal and annual resolutions .
Both ice and cloud cover affecting remotely - sensed data and the extent of water column mixing were important in determining the size of the final cluster .
Urban land - use mapping is a significant yet challenging task in the field of remote sensing .
Although numerous classification methods have been developed for obtaining land - use information in urban areas , the accuracy and efficiency of these methods are insufficient to meet the requirements of real - world applications such as urban planning and land management .
However , the traditional DCNN methods do not focus on multispectral remote sensing images with more than three channels , and they are limited by their training samples .
The proposed STDCNN has three parts : one part involves a transferred DCNN with deep architecture ; another part is designed to analyze multispectral images ; and the final part fuses the first two parts into a classification layer .
In two case studies , the proposed method is used to generate urban land - use maps from a WorldView - 3 image of a 143 km ( 2 ) area of Hong Kong and a WorldView - 2 image of a 25 km ( 2 ) area of Shenzhen .
The potential for estimating streamflow in large continental rivers from satellite observations of river hydraulic variables has been well recognized .
In this study , we investigated the reliability of calibrating a hydrological model for the upper Yalongjiang River Basin on the Qinghai - Tibet Plateau , based solely on river water surface widths derived from four high spatial resolution commercial satellite images : two from QuickBird and one each from IKONOS and WorldView - 1 .
The model was forced using satellite - based meteorological datasets and calibrated using remotely sensed river widths .
This study demonstrates the potential for application of the proposed calibration method to regional ungauged basins lacking ground streamflow observation data , and provides insights into how remote sensing data can be more effectively integrated with hydrological modeling .
This study used satellite and field data to obtain annual estimates of Lake Chapala ' s area and water volume from 1973 to 2009 , as well as water intakes from 1934 to 2013 .
Twenty - one Landsat images ( multispectral scanner system , 2 , 5 , and 7 ) for the period of 1973 to 2009 were processed .
Gap filling correction was applied to Landsat 7 enhanced thematic mapper plus scan line corrector - off images .
Three of the resulting water / no - water layers were validated against reference points taken from aerial photography .
A correlation coefficient of 0 . 9 resulted when comparing the results from using remote sensing to calculate water volume against field measurements .
Harmonic analysis method ( HM ) could obtain regional G ( 0 ) using remote sensing data .
The combined method was assessed with in - situ measurements and was applied to the Heihe River Basin ( HRB ) of northwest China using multiremote sensing observations at 30 - min intervals .
For maize , grassland , and vegetable surfaces ( all are dense vegetation in July in this study ) , the combined method performed better when using T - e ( almost coincides with remote sensing measurement land surface temperature ) than estimated T - s by a simple empirical formula provided by Murray and Verhoef .
Ship classification in synthetic aperture radar ( SAR ) images is essential in remote sensing but still full of challenges in the deep learning era .
The designed architecture is suitable for the task of SAR ship classification .
First , by shifting the reference wavelength from 555 to 510 nm , a green - red index ( GRI ) can be calculated from remote sensing reflectance at 510 , 560 , and 620 nm , and the index was then used to retrieve the total absorption coefficients at the reference band , a ( 510 ) .
Our algorithm will also have potential applications to satellite data from the Medium Resolution Imaging Spectrometer or Ocean and Land Color Instrument .
An approach for extracting vegetation from Gaofen - 2 ( GF - 2 ) remote sensing imagery based on the CNN model is presented .
After training is accomplished , the CENN would acquire enough ability to accurately extract farmland and woodland from GF - 2 imagery .
The CENN was trained on 36 GF - 2 images and tested on three other GF - 2 images .
Thus , the proposed approach is proven to effectively extract vegetation from GF - 2 imagery .
Until recently , evapotranspiration computations and measurements have been performed locally .
But , in recent years , actual evapotranspiration computations can be calculated regionally thanks to improvements on remote sensing discipline and satellites .
However , this algorithm has some difficulties such as mismatch with Landsat 8 and hot - wet pixel selection which require expert knowledge .
In this paper , a novel SEBAL based approach ( SEBAL - BSA ) , which can use Landsat 8 images as data and can automatically perform hot - wet pixel selection using Backtracking Search Algorithm ( BSA ) with ground control points , has been proposed .
SEBAL - BSA was developed and tested using January 22 - 2015 , April 28 - 2015 and July 01 - 2015 dated Landsat 8 images in Akarsu Irrigation Water User Association command area in the cukurova Region of Turkey and actual evapotranspiration mapping was realized without albedo measurements .
One of the main problems of optical remote sensing is clouds and cloud shadows caused by specific atmospheric conditions during data acquisition .
Accurate detection and reliable cloning of cloud and cloud shadow features in satellite images are very useful processes for optical remote sensing applications .
In this study , an automated cloud removal algorithm to generate cloud and cloud shadow free images from multitemporal Landsat - 8 images is introduced .
Cloud and cloud shadow areas are classified by using process - based rule set developed by using spectral and spatial features after applying simple linear iterative clustering superpixel segmentation algorithm to the image to find cloud pixel groups easily and correctly .
Spectral and structural consistency are preserved by considering spectral features and seasonal effects while cloning process .
To this end , LANDSAT TM / 7 - ETM / 8 - OLI satellite images of 1987 and 2013 were classified for laying the foundations of the analysis .
This study sets forth the usefulness of remote sensing , GIS and landscape metrics in understanding how urban dynamics and ecosystems change in developing urban politics .
High - resolution drone aerial surveys combined with object - based image analysis are transforming our capacity to monitor and manage aquatic vegetation in an era of invasive species .
To better exploit the potential of these technologies , there is a need to develop more efficient and accessible analysis workflows and focus more efforts on the distinct challenge of mapping submerged vegetation .
We present a straightforward workflow developed to monitor emergent and submerged invasive water soldier ( Stratiotes abides ) in shallow waters of the Trent - Severn Waterway in Ontario , Canada .
The main elements of the workflow are : ( 1 ) collection of radiometrically calibrated multispectral imagery including a near - infrared band ; ( 2 ) multistage segmentation of the imagery involving an initial separation of above - water from submerged features ; and ( 3 ) automated classification of features with a supervised machine - learning classifier .
The workflow employs off - the - shelf graphical software tools requiring no programming or coding , and could therefore be used by anyone with basic GIS and image analysis skills for a potentially wide variety of aquatic vegetation monitoring operations .
Through a Canadian Space Agency ( CSA ) Government Related Initiatives Program ( GRIP ) project , CHS is exploring remote sensing techniques to assist with the improvement of Canadian navigational charts .
Projects exploring optical / Synthetic Aperture Radar ( SAR ) shoreline extraction and change detection , as well as optical Satellite - Derived Bathymetry ( SDB ) , are currently underway .
This paper focuses on SDB extracted from high - resolution optical imagery , highlighting current results as well as the challenges and opportunities CHS will encounter when implementing SDB within its operational chart production process .
SDB is of particular interest to CHS due to its ability to supplement depths derived from traditional hydrographic surveys .
With an accuracy of around 1 m , SDB could be used by CHS to fill gaps in survey data and to provide valuable information in dynamic areas .
This paper focuses on the use of ultra - high resolution Unmanned Aircraft Systems ( UAS ) imagery to classify tree species .
Multispectral surveys were performed on a plant nursery to produce Digital Surface Models and orthophotos with ground sample distance equal to 0 . 01 m .
Different combinations of multispectral images , multi - temporal data , and texture measures were employed to improve classification .
The study evaluates how methods used in Remote Sensing could be applied on ultra - high resolution UAS images .
Because , especially in dynamically growing cities , ready - to - use comprehensive data sets on the urban poor , as well as on the digital divide , are not existent , we use proxies : we spatially delimit the urban poor using settlement characteristics derived from remote sensing data .
Based on a sample of eight cities across the globe , we spatially test whether areas of the urban poor are more likely to be digital cold spots .
The utilization of the complementary information , the color feature , and the intensity - texture feature , in hue , saturation , and intensity space is limited in the change detection of multispectral images .
Experiments on real multispectral images demonstrate the effectiveness of the fusion kernel , and illustrate that it can get smoother homogeneous areas , obtain more accurate edge locations , and provide strong noise immunity for multispectral image change detection .
Deep learning is a powerful technique for the analysis of remote sensing imagery .
We demonstrate here the classification of red , green , blue and depth and hyperspectral data sets using a neuromorphic processing unit ( IBM TrueNorth Neurosynaptic System ) .
The results on overhead imagery and hyperspectral imagery data show that neuromorphic platforms can achieve the state - of - theart performance in semantic labeling with significantly ( approximate to 1000x ) lower power consumption than traditional GPU - based solutions .
A novel method based on the fusion of spectral , texture , and shape features is proposed for the segmentation of high spatial resolution remote sensing images .
An integrated region merging criterion is built by combining the texture , spectral , and shape features .
The availability of a large amount of remote sensing data made Earth Observation increasingly accessible and detailed .
High temporal and spatial resolution sensors are responsible for making available data sets of time series in unprecedented proportions .
Within this context , the use of efficient segmentation algorithms of remote sensing imagery represents an important role in this scenario , because they provide homogeneous regions in space - time and hence simplify the data set .
This letter describes a method for image segmentation applied to time series of the Earth Observation data .
Tests on high temporal resolution image sequences from Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer and Landsat - 8 Operational Land Imager vegetation indices and comparisons with other distance measurements provided satisfactory outcomes .
Complex gravitational phenomena can require terrestrial remote sensing solutions for monitoring their possible evolution , especially when in situ installations are not possible .
This study merges terrestrial radar interferometry ( TRI ) and image cross - correlation ( ICC ) processing , which can detect complementary motion components , to obtain a 3 - dimensional system able to measure the actual surface motion field of a pre - defined target .
The data georeferencing is a critical issue that affects the correct spatial correspondence of the data and a new approach for georeferencing radar data is proposed .
The presented method has been tested for the measurement of the Planpicieux glacier surface kinematics ( NW of Italy ) .
A spatial analysis was performed in GIS to explore the spatial pattern of ET in the basin , while parametric t - test and nonparametric Mann - Kendall test methods were used to analyze the temporal characteristics of interannual and annual ET .
Time - sequence remote sensing images are usually captured under varying acquisition conditions due to atmospheric differences , lighting condition , humidity etc .
Comparing the spectral values of the well - registered images taken at a different time is a complicated issue due to the non - linear spectrum distortion caused by these effects .
We propose an algorithm that performs spatial - temporal inferences that correct the spectral values through a data - driven approach - we developed a simple 3D spatiotemporal filtering method that uses the time - sequence imagery themselves to homogenize the spectral property of similar objects while being heterogeneous to objects with significant differences .
We have performed extensive experiments using medium resolution Landsat dataset and high - resolution Planet imagery , by evaluating the classification results from both classic machine learning ( sample selected from the current image ) and transfer learning ( samples selected from one dataset and applied to the other dataset ) .
The improved results in typical remote sensing tasks indicate our proposed method being effective for time - sequence data preprocessing .
Thus , developing tools for accurately , and periodically mapping burned areas , based on cost advantageous , expedite , and repeatable rigorous approaches , is important .
The main objective of this study is to investigate the potential of novel Genetic Programming ( GP ) methodologies for classifying burned areas in satellite imagery over savannas and tropical woodlands and to assess if they can improve over the popular and currently applied methods of Maximum Likelihood classification and Classification and Regression Tree analysis .
The tests are performed using three Landsat images from Brazil ( South America ) , Guinea - Bissau ( West Africa ) and the Democratic Republic of Congo ( Central Africa ) .
GP is the most versatile machine learning method available today , but still largely underused in remote sensing .
In this study , in situ reflectance and water samples were used to develop models for estimating CDOM absorption in a complex freshwater environment in Poyang Lake , China .
The in situ water reflectance spectra , CDOM absorption spectra and other water - color parameters from 92 samples collected in four representative study areas between 2015 and 2016 were analysed .
The simulated Sentinel - 2 and Landsat - 8 bands based on reflectance spectra were used to examine potential capability for retrieving CDOM using these sensors .
The results indicated that Sentinel - 2 performed better than Landsat - 8 for estimating a ( g ) ( 355 ) .
The Sentinel - 2 band ratio of B4 / B2 or B5 / B2 and B7 / B8 or B7 / B8A are effective for retrieval of CDOM in clean and turbid water of Poyang Lake , respectively .
Accurate and repeatable mapping of biological plant invasions is essential to develop successful management strategies for conserving native biodiversity .
While overstory invasive plants have been successfully detected and mapped using multiple methods , understory invasive detection remains a challenge , particularly in dense forested environments .
Very few studies have utilized an approach that identifies and aligns the acquisition timing of remote sensing imagery with peak phenological differences between understory and overstory vegetation types .
We investigated this opportunity by analyzing a monthly time - series of 2011 Landsat TM data to identify acquisition periods with the highest phenological differences between understory and overstory vegetation for detecting the spatial distribution of the exotic understory plant Ligustrum sinense Lour . , a rapidly spreading invader in urbanizing regions of the southeastern United States .
RF models that included VI , TI , and Landsat TM bands for March 13 and 29 , 2011 ( the periods with highest detected phonological differences ) , produced the highest overall accuracy and Kappa estimates , outperforming the combination of VI and TI by 8 . 5 % in accuracy and 20 . 5 % in Kappa .
Our findings suggest that selecting remote sensing data for a period when phenological differences between L . sinense and forest types are at their peak can improve the detection and mapping of L . sinense .
Object - based image classification is recognized as one of the best strategies to analyze high spatial resolution remote sensing images .
Experiments with three multispectral datasets acquired by Landsat - 5 TM , QuickBird - II , and WorldView - 3 in rural and urban areas compare traditional object - based approach based on region growing with the proposed method using well - established classifiers .
Detection of newly grown leaves ( NGL ) is useful in the diagnosis of growth of trees , tree stress and even climatic change .
Utilizing very high resolution UAV images , this paper examines the feasibility of NGL detection using hyperspectral detection algorithms and anomaly detectors .
Results showed that the blind - detection algorithms RXDs are not suitable for NGL detection due to the spectra similarity between NGL and both mature leaves and grass , while brighter pixels , such as those produced by soil and concrete materials , are more easily recognized as anomaly in contrast to forest .
Matching filter ( MF ) based detectors are , however , able to accurately detect NGL over forest stands and are even more effective in the sense of achieving satisfactory true positives and true negatives while providing minimal false alarms .
When a variety of mature - leaf nonobjective targets are included in the detection , the orthogonal subspace projector ( OSP ) tends to suppress NGL pixels as an unwanted signature and this leads to poor detection .
From decimeter resolution satellite images , the KMFD and TCIMF detectors are capable of achieving an accuracy of OA = 0 . 94 and ( k ) over cap= 0 . 56 or OA = 0 . 87 and ( k ) over cap= 0 . 48 for images with a resolution of 33 . 75 cm or 67 . 50 cm respectively .
This indicates that hyperspectral target detection techniques have great potential in NGL detection via high spatial resolution satellite multispectral images .
Diurnal land surface temperature cycle ( DTC ) models are useful tools for generating continuous diurnal land surface temperature ( LST ) dynamics from temporally sparse satellite observations .
Four - parameter DTC models ( FPD ) can be applied to tandem polar - orbiting satellite observations that sample the surface at least four times per day and , therefore , they have received especial attention .
Using in - situ thermal observations from the U . S .
Climate Reference Network , as well as LSTs from the geostationary MSG and FY - 2F satellites under clear sky , we compared the performances of these nine FPDs for 24 and 4 available LST observations per day .
Local invariant features from computer vision community have recently been widely applied to the matching of remote sensing images .
However , these features are mainly designed to handle geometric distortions , and are sensitive to complex radiometric differences between multisensor images .
To address this issue , this paper proposes an effective local invariant feature that is sufficiently robust to both geometric and radiometric changes .
The proposed MMPC - Lap and LHOPC have been evaluated under different imaging conditions ( spectral , temporal , and scale changes ) .
The results obtained on a variety of remote sensing images demonstrate its excellent performance with respect to the state - of - the - art local invariant features , especially for cases where there are complex radiometric differences .
In this study , we investigated the effect of water - logging on winter wheat growth ( LAI and aboveground biomass ) and yield at a parcel scale using high spatial resolution satellite data .
For this purpose , a dynamic mapping of winter wheat LAI and biomass during growth under water - logging conditions was implemented .
In addition , yield mapping and yield loss estimation were also carried out to arrive at the potential impacts of water - logging on both winter wheat growth and grain yield .
A total of eight high spatial resolution optical satellite images , including WorldView - 2 , WorldView - 3 , Pleiades - 1A , SPOT - 6 , GeoEye - 1 and SPOT - 7 were obtained at time points concurrent with eight temporal field observations .
As for the assessment of waterlogging damage on winter wheat growth , FL showed a more serious impact than that of WL , based on results of the dynamic mapping of biomass and LAI at the same development stages .
Our results have demonstrated the potential of multi - source and high spatial resolution remotely - sensed optical data for quantifying the impact of water - logging on winter wheat growth and grain yield at parcel scales , a research direction that has rarely been reported in agricultural remote sensing literature .
This study thus provides a fundamental basis and the possibility for crop yield loss evaluation , water - logging monitoring , and for the design of mitigation strategies that would benefit even small - holder and subsistence farmers .
Point cloud data derived from stereo satellite imagery has the potential to provide large - scale forest inventory assessment but these methods are known to include higher error than airborne laser scanning ( ALS ) .
This study compares the accuracy of forest inventory attributes estimated from high - density ALS ( 21 . 1 pulses m ( - 2 ) ) point cloud data ( PCD ) and PCD derived from photogrammetric methods applied to stereo satellite imagery obtained over a Pinus radiata D .
The statistical and textural properties of the canopy height models ( CHMs ) derived from each point cloud were included alongside standard PCD metrics as a means of improving the accuracy of predictions for key forest inventory attributes .
For mean top height ( a measure of dominant height in a stand ) , ALS data produced better estimates ( R - 2 = 0 . 88 ; RMSE = 1 . 7 m ) than those obtained from satellite data ( R - 2 = 0 . 81 ; RMSE = 2 . 1 m ) .
This was attributable to a general over - estimation of canopy heights in the satellite PCD .
ALS models produced poor estimates of stand density ( R - 2 = 0 . 48 ; RMSE = 112 . 1 stems ha ( - 1 ) ) , as did the satellite PCD models ( R - 2 = 0 . 42 ; RMSE = 118 . 4 stems ha ( - 1 ) ) .
ALS models produced accurate estimates of basal area ( R - 2 = 0 . 58 ; RMSE = 12 m ( 2 ) ha ( - 1 ) ) , total stem volume ( R - 2 = 0 . 72 ; RMSE = 107 . 5 m ( 3 ) ha ( - 1 ) ) , and total recoverable volume ( R - 2 = 0 . 74 ; RMSE = 92 . 9 m ( 3 ) ha ( - 1 ) ) .
These values differed little from the estimates of basal area ( R - 2 = 0 . 57 ; RMSE = 12 . 2 m ( 2 ) ha ( - 1 ) ) , total stem volume ( R - 2 = 0 . 70 ; RMSE = 112 . 6 m ( 3 ) ha ( - 1 ) ) , and total recoverable volume ( R - 2 = 0 . 73 ; RMSE = 96 m ( 3 ) ha ( - 1 ) ) obtained from satellite PCD models .
The statistical and textural metrics computed from the CHMs were important variables in all of the models derived from both satellite and ALS PCD , nearly always outranking the standard PCD metrics in measures of importance .
These results clearly show that point cloud data obtained from stereo satellite imagery are useful for prediction of forest inventory attributes in intensively managed forests on steeper terrain .
Furthermore , these data offer forest managers the benefit of obtaining both inventory data and high - resolution multispectral imagery from a single product .
With this approach , a map depicting classes of activity is used to stratify the area of interest .
Ground observations are generally accepted as the most accurate source of information for these assessments but may be cost - prohibitive to acquire for remote and inaccessible forest regions .
In lieu of ground observations , visual interpretations of remotely sensed data such as aerial imagery or satellite imagery are often used with the caveat that the interpretations must be of greater quality than the map data .
Many applications dedicated to urban areas ( e . g . land cover mapping and biophysical properties estimation ) using high spatial resolution remote sensing images require the use of 3D atmospheric correction methods , able to model complex light interactions within urban topography such as buildings and trees .
ICARE - VEG and ICARE performance were compared and validated in the Visible - Near Infrared Region ( V - NIR : 0 . 4 - 1 . 0 mu m ) with hyperspectral airborne data at 0 . 8 m resolution on three ground materials types , grass , asphalt and water .
Results show that ( i ) ICARE - VEG improves the mean absolute error in retrieved reflectances compared to ICARE in tree shadows by a multiplicative factor ranging between 4 . 2 and 18 . 8 , and ( ii ) reduces the spectral bias in reflectance from visible to NIR ( due to light transmission through the tree crown ) by a multiplicative factor between 1 . 0 and 1 . 4 in terms of spectral angle mapper performance .
ICARE - VEG opens the way to a complete interpretation of remote sensing images ( sunlit , shade cast by both buildings and trees ) and the derivation of scientific value - added products over all the entire image without the preliminary step of shadow masking .
The study demonstrates the application of geospatial technologies to evaluate physical resources of semi - arid watersheds and presents a comprehensive methodology applicable elsewhere .
The physical characteristics of the watershed were studied based on in - situ , remotely sensed and secondary data sources .
Thematic layers were generated with the combination of remote sensing , image processing and GIS techniques .
This paper demonstrates the fundamental role of remote sensing as a source of evidence .
We provide an estimate of the number of brick kilns across the ' Brick Belt ' that runs across south Asia .
This paper reports the first rigorous estimate of the number of brick kilns present and does so using a robust method that can be easily adopted by key agencies for evidence - based action ( ( i . e , NGOs , etc . ) ) and is based on freely available and accessible remotely sensed data .
From this estimate we can not only calculate the scale of the slavery problem in the Brick Belt , but also calculate the impact of slavery beyond that of the enslaved people themselves , on , for example , environmental change and impacts on ecosystem services this links to other Sustainable Development Goals .
This paper briefly reviews the geoinformatics technologies of photogrammetry , remote sensing , and spatial information science and their application to CH .
Contributions of geoinformatics technologies to each of these aspects are then identified and analysed .
Case studies in both developing and developed countries , supported by funding directed at the UNSDGs , are presented to illustrate the challenges and opportunities of geoinformatics to enhance CH protection and to promote sustainable tourism .
The potential and impact of geoinformatics for the measurement of official SDG indicators , as well as UNESCO ' s Culture for Development Indicators , are discussed .
Based on analysis of the review and the presented case studies , it is concluded that the contribution of geoinformatics to the achievement of CH SDGs is necessary , significant and evident .
Remote sensing technology is an essential link in the global monitoring of the ocean surface , and radars are efficient sensors for detecting marine pollution .
When used operationally by authorities , a tradeoff must usually be made between the covered area and the quantity of information collected by the radar .
To identify the most appropriate imaging mode , a methodology based on receiver operating characteristic curve analysis has been applied to an original data set collected by two airborne systems operating at L - hand , both characterized by a very low instrument noise floor .
The data set was acquired during controlled releases of mineral and vegetable oil at sea .
Various polarization - dependent quantities are investigated , and their ability to detect slick - covered areas is assessed .
This result , obtained by progressively adding noise to the raw synthetic aperture radar ( SAR ) data , indicates that the polarimetric discrimination between clean sea and polluted area results mainly from the differentiated behavior between single - bounce scattering and noise .
It is thus demonstrated , using SAR data collected with a low instrument noise floor , that there is no deviation from Bragg scattering for radar scattering from ocean surface covered by mineral and vegetable oil .
The mapping of urban areas at regional to global scales is a crucial task due to its value for environmental monitoring , habitat and biodiversity conservation , and decision - making .
In most current applications , two techniques ( i . e . , supervised classification and data fusion ) are widely applied in large - scale urban mapping .
However , the costly training sample collection , inadequate data - source descriptions , and diverse urban characteristics ( e . g . , shape , size , socioeconomic status , and physical environment ) are challenging problems for the urban mapping approaches .
In this context , aiming at effectively deriving accurate urban areas at a large scale , we propose a novel ensemble support vector machine ( SVM ) method which consists of three steps : 1 ) the automatic generation of training data to reduce labor costs ; 2 ) the construction of an ensemble SVM model to effectively combine the multisource data ( including remote sensing and socioeconomic data ) ; and 3 ) an adaptive patch - based thresholding technique to tackle the diverse urban characteristics .
The proposed method is employed to map urban areas of China in 2005 and 2010 , and the resulting maps are compared with the existing urban maps for 287 prefecture - level cities .
When incorporating moderate - resolution imaging spectroradiometer multispectral data as an additional source , the Kappa coefficient can be further raised by 0 . 028 for 2010 .
In general , the proposed method shows great potential for accurately mapping urban areas at regional , continental , or even global scales in a cost - effective manner .
Because of the internal malfunction of satellite sensors and poor atmospheric conditions such as thick cloud , the acquired remote sensing data often suffer from missing information , i . e . , the data usability is greatly reduced .
In this paper , a novel method of missing information reconstruction in remote sensing images is proposed .
The unified spatial - temporal - spectral framework based on a deep convolutional neural network ( CNN ) employs a unified deep CNN combined with spatial - temporal - spectral supplementary information .
In addition , to address the fact that most methods can only deal with a single missing information reconstruction task , the proposed approach can solve three typical missing information reconstruction tasks : 1 ) dead lines in Aqua Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer hand 6 ; 2 ) the Landsat Enhanced Thematic Mapper Plus scan line corrector - off problem ; and 3 ) thick cloud removal .
Global land surface reflectance data have been routinely produced from remote sensing sensors aboard different satellite platforms .
The Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer reflectance data set ( MOD09GA and MYD09GA ) on two testing areas is selected to verify the performance of the proposed TSRM .
Results on different testing sites also demonstrate that the TSRM preserves spectral integrity with clear seasonal trends for each spectral band .
However , the MEV method cannot he directly applied for hyperspectral imagery due to the high dimensionality of the data sets .
Experimental results on different hyperspectral data sets demonstrate that the proposed methods have high computational efficiency , and the selected bands can achieve satisfactory classification performances .
Satellite image denoising is essential for enhancing the visual quality of images and for facilitating further image processing and analysis tasks .
In this paper , we propose a 2 - D FIR Wiener filter driven by the adaptive cuckoo search ( ACS ) algorithm for denoising multispectral satellite images contaminated with the Gaussian noise of different variance levels .
Quantitative and qualitative comparisons are conducted with 10 recent denoising algorithms prominently used in the remote - sensing domain to substantiate the performance and computational capability of the proposed ACSWF .
The tested data set included satellite images procured from various sources , such as Satpalda Geospatial Services , Satellite Imaging Corporation , and National Aeronautics and Space Administration .
Furthermore , chemical composition and microstructure analysis were performed via a gas chromatography - time - offlight mass spectrometry and X - ray , respectively .
The time - series radar signature of the profile was measured utilizing ground penetration radar at 500 MHz and a C - band scatterometer .
For this experiment , it was shown that the retrieval of the oil presence underneath the young sea ice layer was feasible , provided that the measured data were utilized simultaneously in a unified cost function .
Recently , a variety of approaches have been enriching the field of remote sensing ( RS ) image processing and analysis .
However , the specificity introduced by the coexistence of spectral and spatial content in the RS data sets widens the scope of the challenges presented to adapt DL methods to these contexts .
Therefore , the aim of this paper is first to explore the performance of DL architectures for the RS hyperspectral data set classification and second to introduce a new 3 - D DL approach that enables a joint spectral and spatial information process .
Experimental results based on well - known hyperspectral data sets demonstrate that the proposed method is able to achieve a better classification rate than state - of - the - art methods with lower computational costs .
This paper proposes a simple yet surprisingly effective approach , termed as guided locality preserving matching , for robust feature matching of remote sensing images .
Experiments on various real remote sensing image pairs demonstrate the generality of our method for handling both rigid and nonrigid image deformations , and it is more than two orders of magnitude faster than the state - of - the - art methods with better accuracy , making it practical for real - time applications .
The Visible Infrared Imaging Radiometer Suite ( VIIRS ) onboard the Suomi National Polar - orbiting Partnership has continued to provide global ocean color data since its launch in October 2011 .
However , there are always many missing pixels in the original VIIRS - measured ocean color images due to clouds and various other reasons .
In this paper , the DINEOF is applied to VIIRS - derived global Level - 3 binned ocean color data of 9 - km spatial resolution , and the DINEOF - reconstructed ocean color data are used to fill the gaps of missing data .
In particular , daily , eight - day , and monthly VIIRS global Level - 3 binned ocean color data , including chlorophyll - a concentration , diffuse attenuation coefficient at 490 nm [ K - d ( 490 ) ] , and normalized water - leaving radiance spectra [ nL ( w ) ( lambda ) ] at the five VIIRS visible bands , are tested and evaluated .
To validate and evaluate the gap - filled data , a set of original valid nonmissing pixels in the VIIRS images are selected randomly and treated as missing pixels in the DINEOF process , so that the reconstructed pixels can be compared with the original data .
Results show that the DINEOF method can successfully reconstruct and gap - fill meso - scale and large - scale spatial ocean features in the global VIIRS Level - 3 images , as well as capture the temporal variations of these features .
Atmospheric soundings from radiosondes are critical for the weather forecasting , particularly for the diagnostic of atmospheric stability conditions that can lead to thunderstorm development .
However , radiosonde observations ( RAOBs ) are temporally and spatially limited throughout the globe , promoting the use of satellite measurements .
This paper assesses the applicability to the operational short - term weather forecasting of atmospheric stability indices and parameters ( SIPs ) derived from thermodynamic profiles retrieved from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Unique Combined Atmospheric Processing System ( NUCAPS ) using the Suomi National Polar - orbiting Partnership ( SNPP ) Cross - track Infrared Sounder ( CrIS ) and Advanced Technology Microwave Sounder ( ATMS ) radiances .
Case studies over the Texas / Oklahoma region and the Northern Coast of Brazil demonstrate NUCAPS capability of generating reliable fields of atmospheric stability , as well as capturing synoptic - scale convective signatures , not feasible with RAOBs .
Considering also the benefit of SNPP NUCAPS hyperspectral - infrared ( IR ) and microwave soundings available for both regions during critical early afternoon periods , our analysis supports the use of NUCAPS CrIS / ATMS SIPs as complementary nowcasting tools for the analysis of preconvective environments .
Together with the continuous development of passive microwave surface soil moisture ( SSM ) products from newly launched satellites , it is necessary to perform reliable validations to assess their accuracy .
With this aim , a new " bottom - up " validation approach is proposed based on the synergistic use of in situ SSM measurements from the soil moisture measurement station network ( REMEDHUS ) of the University of Salamanca , Salamanca , Spain , and optical / thermal infrared observations over 18 cloud - free days from Landsat - 8 .
Then , the regional SSM was aggregated into the grid - cell scale of the Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer 2 ( AMSR2 ) L3 high - resolution ( 0 . 1 degrees / 10 km ) soil moisture product to validate it both at network and grid - cell levels .
The preliminary assessments suggested that the proposed method provides new insights into the validation of passive microwave soil moisture products , while avoiding the common issue related to the big disparity in spatial scales between satellite observation and in situ measurements .
The global optimal solution ( GOS ) has proven to be very accurate for deriving water surface velocities from contemporaneous image pairs , but previous studies have used shore - based radars or satellite measurements with resolutions on the order of a kilometer or tens of meters to establish this .
In contrast , the objective of this paper is to derive a GOS velocity field from infrared ( IR ) ( 3 - 5 mu m ) images having a 1 - m pixel size .
Because IR images can frequently exhibit a low signalto - noise ratio , a newly developed GOS technique with a local similarity metric is used to retrieve velocities from such low - contrast data sets .
This high correlation suggests that the GOS technique may be applicable to a variety of lower contrast imagery that can now be collected by a low - altitude remotely controlled aircraft .
Experiments in six realistic synthetic aperture radar data sets demonstrate the robustness and efficiency of the proposed method in comparison with five other state - of - the - art methods from the literature .
Methods to obtain accurate phenotypic data of the seedling stage of maize are receiving ever - increasing research attention because such data are very important for crop growth and for estimating crop yield .
First , the red - green - blue ( RGB ) images acquired by a manned ground vehicle ( MGV ) and an unmanned aerial vehicle ( UAV ) are transformed into grayscale image to clarify the details of the images , and the Otsu threshold - segmentation method , which is based on threshold optimization , is used to separate the maize seedlings from the soil background .
This process allows us to obtain from RGB images the multiple plant parameters that characterize the maize seedling stage .
An average of 0 . 014 s is required to calculate the number of maize seedlings in a plot from two images showing different vegetation coverage , which shows that the proposed algorithm is computationally efficient .
These results indicate that the proposed method provides accurate phenotypic data on maize seedlings .
In order to overcome this problem and enhance the discriminative ability of the network , in this paper , we propose a deep network architecture for a super - resolution ( SR ) - aided hyperspectral image classification with classwise loss ( SRCL ) .
Experimental results on real hyperspectral images demonstrate that the proposed SRCL approach outperforms other state - of - the - art classification methods , especially for the task in which only a small amount of training data are available .
However , the intrinsic limitations of each category largely hamper their applications for flood mapping .
Taking the 2015 South Carolina flood in downtown Columbia as a case study , this paper proposes a flood inundation reconstruction model by enhancing the NRT normalized difference water index ( NDWI ) derived from remote sensing imagery with the RT data including stream gauge readings and social media ( tweets ) .
However , for pixelwise classification of hyperspectral image , some important information is neglected by CNN , such as the erased information by the pooling operation and the appearance information from lower layers .
Pansharpening regards the fusion of a high - spatial resolution panchromatic image with a low - spatial resolution multispectral image .
The proposed procedure for quality evaluation has been tested on four real data sets acquired by the Pleiades , the GeoEye - 1 , the WorldView - 3 , and the WorldView - 4 sensors assessing the quality of 19 pansharpened methods .
Algorithms and hardware used to measure surface currents based on marine X - band radar images have been steadily improved during the recent decades .
Such systems can now provide the user with current measurements with high accuracy in local areas of interest and with no need for underwater equipment , both from fixed sites and from moving installations , such as vessels .
The primary focus of the work presented in this paper is to examine the measurement accuracy of an X - band radar - based system .
Satellite - observed surface temperatures over heterogeneous urban pixels are generally determined by viewing and illumination angles , as well as by 3 - D geometries and component temperature distributions of urban surfaces .
GUTA - osg uses urban morphologic indexes as inputs , and coefficient values can be derived by fitting against multiangular thermal infrared observations .
A method to assess global land surface water ( fw ) inundation dynamics was developed by exploiting the enhanced fw sensitivity of L - band ( 1 . 4 GHz ) passive microwave observations from the Soil Moisture Active Passive ( SMAP ) mission .
The L - band fw ( fw ( LBand ) ) retrievals were derived using SMAP H - polarization brightness temperature ( T - b ) observations and predefined L - band reference microwave emissivities for water and land end - members .
Potential soil moisture and vegetation contributions to the microwave signal were represented from overlapping higher frequency T - b observations from AMSR2 .
The resulting fw ( LBand ) global record has high temporal sampling ( 1 - 3 days ) and 36 - km spatial resolution .
The fw ( LBand ) annual averages corresponded favorably ( R = 0 . 85 , p - value < 0 . 001 ) with a 250 - m resolution static global water map ( MOD44W ) aggregated at the same spatial scale , while capturing significant inundation variations worldwide .
The monthly fw ( LBand ) averages also showed seasonal inundation changes consistent with river discharge records within six major US river basins .
An uncertainty analysis indicated generally reliable fw ( LBand ) performance for major land cover areas and under low to moderate vegetation cover , but with lower accuracy for detecting water bodies covered by dense vegetation .
Finer resolution ( 30 - m ) fw ( LBand ) results were obtained for three sub - regions in North America using an empirical downscaling approach and ancillary global Water Occurrence Dataset ( WOD ) derived from the historical Landsat record .
The resulting 30 - m fw ( LBand ) retrievals showed favorable spatial accuracy for water ( commission error 31 . 46 % , omission error 30 . 20 % ) and land ( commission error 0 . 87 % , omission error 0 . 96 % ) classifications and seasonal wet and dry periods when compared to independent water maps derived from Landsat - 8 imagery .
The new fw ( LBand ) algorithms and continuing SMAP and AMSR2 operations provide for near real - time , multi - scale monitoring of global surface water inundation dynamics and potential flood risk .
Remote sensing is capable of observing land surface temperatures ( LST ) across a city ; however , its ability to quantify vegetation canopy temperatures is limited because of LST variability resulting from urban surface heterogeneity , differences in vegetation fraction and non - vegetated material , and the coarse resolution of available thermal imagery .
This study is a large - scale analysis of urban surface composition and temperature variability across the Los Angeles , USA , metropolitan area ( 4466 km ( 2 ) ) .
Sub - pixel fractions of two plant functional types ( tree and turfgrass ) and four urban materials ( impervious surface , commercial roof , non - photosynthetic vegetation , and soil ) were quantified using hyperspectral imagery ( Airborne Visible / Infrared Imaging Spectrometer ) .
Fractional cover gradients of plant types and non - vegetated materials were developed using 1 . 7 million pixels , from which we modeled LST changes using simultaneously collected thermal imagery ( MODIS - ASTER Airborne Simulator ) .
Vegetation LST variability was mapped by subtracting modeled LST from observed LST and investigated relative to building density and vegetation management .
Our results show that an LST signal of vegetation function , distinct from that of vegetation fractional cover , can be observed and modeled at city - scales in fractional mixture analysis , indicating potential for improved understanding of urban microclimates .
We present a pixel - based algorithm to detect seafloor propeller seagrass scars in shallow water that promises to automate the detection and measurement of scars across the submarine landscape . ( 1 ) We applied the algorithm to multispectral and panchromatic images captured at the Deckle Beach , Florida using the WorldView - 2 commercial satellite .
The algorithm involves four steps using spectral and spatial information from radiometrically calibrated multispectral and panchromatic images .
First , we fused multispectral and panchromatic images using a principal component analysis ( PCA ) - based pan - sharpening method to obtain multispectral pan - sharpened bands .
Our results show that the proposed method may be implemented on a regular basis to monitor changes in habitat characteristics of coastal waters .
With the maturation of methods for estimating aboveground forest biomass by remote sensing , researchers increasingly need test data , particularly ground reference data , that are large enough to fine - tune existing approaches and test their robustness under diverse conditions .
Here , we present a new approach to simulate realistic canopy height and cover type data by combining an individual - tree forest simulator with real LiDAR point clouds of individual trees .
The present work consisted of detecting trends in biomass [ leaf area index ( LAI ) ] anomalies as indicators of LD in NEB .
We also assessed how the loss of vegetation impacts the LD cycle , by measuring trends in albedo and evapotranspiration ( ET ) .
LAI , albedo and ET data were derived from MODIS sensors at 8 - day temporal and 500 m spatial resolutions .
For detecting trends , we applied the Theil - Sen slope analysis on time series of MODIS LAI , albedo and ET images .
Monitoring scene - level land - use in urban coastal zones has become a critical and challenging task , due to the rising risk of marine disasters and the greater number of scene classes such as harbors .
Since street blocks are physical containers of different classes of land - use in urban zones , some scene classification methods based on high - spatial - resolution remote sensing images take blocks segmented by roads as classification units .
However , these methods extract handcrafted low - level features from remote sensing images , limiting their ability to represent street blocks .
To extract semantically meaningful representations of street blocks , the sparse auto - encoder ( SAE ) model was employed for local feature extraction in this paper and a multi - level method based on the fusion of local features was proposed for block - based land - use scene classification in urban coastal zones .
The proposed method was tested for Qingdao , China using Gaofen - 2 ( GF - 2 ) satellite images and an overall accuracy of 83 . 80 % was achieved in the study area .
The classification results indicate that the proposed method in concert with GF - 2 images has potential for accurately monitoring land - use scenes in urban coastal zones .
Numerous methods have been successfully applied to estimate the regional impervious surface dynamics based on spectral or spatial information from remote sensing imagery .
This study aims to map regional impervious surface dynamics on a seasonal time scale by using time series Landsat data .
Our results demonstrated that the proposed method could accurately map seasonal impervious surface dynamics based on temporal characteristics .
This study could enable the monitoring of time - intensive impervious surfaces at a regional scale using remote sensing data .
Remote sensing techniques have proved useful in the quantification and monitoring of LAI in different vegetation types ; however , most of the focus has been on vegetation with relatively large LAI ranges .
This study aimed to investigate the utility of airborne light detection and ranging ( lidar ) data to estimate narrow - range LAI ( min = 0 . 71 , max = 1 . 56 , mean = 1 . 08 + / - 0 . 18 ) of intensively - managed Eucalyptus grandis plantations .
The secondary aim of the study was to assess the effect of lidar point density on LAI retrieval .
Akaike Information Criterion ( AIC ) regression was used to build candidate models that estimate LAI from lidar - derived height and density metrics .
Estimation accuracies were similar for lidar densities of the original , 2 - 5 points / m ( 2 ) and less accurate for 0 . 25 - 1 point / m ( 2 ) .
These findings demonstrated the capability of lidar in estimating observed LAI with low range and variation .
The study also suggests the efficacy of moderate lidar point densities acquired at relatively low - cost surveys in attaining acceptable LAI estimation accuracy .
Recent studies have demonstrated that solar - induced chlorophyll fluorescence ( SW ) quantified from hyperspectral imagery is a reliable indicator of photosynthetic activity in the context of precision agriculture and for early stress detection purposes .
Airborne campaigns acquired imagery with two hyperspectral cameras covering the 400 - 850 nm ( 20 cm resolution ) and 950 - 1750 mn ( 50 cm resolution ) spectral regions .
The performance of multiple regression models built for N quantification with and without including the airborne - retrieved SIF was compared with the performance of models built with plant traits estimated by model inversion , and also with standard approaches based on single spectral indices .
Aerosol remote sensing from Earth orbit offers the opportunity to improve our understanding of the health risks associated with different particle types and sources .
The Multi - angle Imaging SpectroRadiometer ( MISR ) instrument aboard NASA ' s Terra satellite has demonstrated the value of near - simultaneous observations of backscattered sunlight from multiple view angles for remote sensing of aerosol abundances and particle properties over land .
The Multi - Angle Imager for Aerosols ( MAIA ) instrument , currently in development , improves on MISR ' s sensitivity to airborne particle composition by incorporating polarimetry and expanded spectral range .
Spatiotemporal regression relationships generated using collocated surface monitor and chemical transport model data will be used to convert fractional aerosol optical depths retrieved from MAIA observations to near - surface PM10 , PM2 . 5 , and speciated PM2 . 5 .
Health scientists on the MAIA team will use the resulting exposure estimates over globally distributed target areas to investigate the association of particle species with population health effects .
Satellite remote sensing technology provides the only viable means for global monitoring of atmosphere systems , such as ozone .
The ozone mapping and profiler suite ( OMPS ) onboard Suomi - NPP satellite , which was launched in the year 2011 , has a primary purpose of measuring ozone .
Suomi - NPP has been on operation for more than 3 years , and it is crucial to keep the satellite data precise and trusted .
Ozone monitoring instrument ( OMI ) data generated from a similar satellite instrument were also used to compare with the OMPS TOC data , and both the TOC products were generated using TOMS version 8 . 5 ( TOMS - V8 . 5 ) algorithm .
The evaluation consists of intercomparisons with groundbased Brewer measurements , similar satellite instruments , and accuracy analysis as a function of time and solar zenith angle .
Nonrigid point set registration is a key technology in the field of remote sensing image registration , which is widely used in military and civil fields such as natural disaster damage assessment , agricultural and urban land - use planning , environmental quality monitoring , and ground target identification .
Bayesian network classifiers ( BNCs ) are now among the most used supervised probabilistic methods for remote sensing image classification .
Hence , through a statistical evaluation and a visual inspection , our objective is to emphasize the contribution of MBNC to enhance the accuracy of urban land cover map obtained by classification of remotely sensed image .
Performances of developed BNCs ( NBC , TANC , FANC , and MBNC ) are experimentally assessed using a multispectral image acquired on July 12 , 2010 , by Alsat - 2A Algerian satellite .
Several remote sensing proxies , such as image texture , have been used to describe the spatial variation of different tropical forest ' s attributes at medium scales .
Therefore , the objective of this study was to compare the potential of these metrics to describe and predict structural and diversity attributes of a tropical swamp forest located in southeast Mexico .
FOTO and GLCM textures were extracted from the panchromatic ( Pan ) band , the near - infrared ( NIR ) and red ( R ) , of a very high spatial resolution ( VHSR ) image .
Our results show that VHSR textures ( especially R - and NIR - derived GLCM metrics ) allow for a reliable estimation of important tropical swamp forest attributes associated with its diversity and structure .
The Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer ( MODIS ) instruments have successfully operated for more than 18 and 16 years , respectively , on - board the NASA ' s Earth Observing System Terra and Aqua spacecraft .
Both Terra and Aqua MODIS have significantly contributed to the advance of global Earth remote sensing applications with a broad range of science products that have been continuously produced since the beginning of each mission and freely distributed to users worldwide .
MODIS collects data in 20 reflective solar bands ( RSB ) and 16 thermal emissive bands ( TEB ) , covering wavelengths from 0 . 41 to 14 . 4 mu m .
Its level IB ( L1B ) data products , which provide the input for the MODIS high - level science products , include the top of the atmosphere reflectance factors for the RSB , radiances for both the RSB and TEB , and associated uncertainty indices ( UI ) at a pixel - by - pixel level .
This paper provides a brief review of MODIS L1B calibration algorithms , including a number of improvements made in recent years .
Also discussed are remaining challenges and potential improvements to be made to continuously maintain sensor calibration and data quality , particularly those related to the quality of MODIS LIB uncertainty .
Hyperspectral images have the advantages of high spectral resolution and abundant spectral information , which helps researchers to analyze , process , and monitor land surface information .
This timeliness is due to the high dimensionality when extracting the target information in hyperspectral image .
To solve this problem , a practical real - time hyperspectral anomaly detection system enhanced by graphics processing unit ( GPU ) is designed .
The push - broom imaging spectrometers are adopted to obtain the image data lineby - line ; then , the real - time anomaly detection algorithm based on QR decomposition is optimized using GPU ( i . e . , A QR decomposition is a decomposition of a matrix A into a product A = QR of an orthogonal matrix Q and an upper triangular matrix R ) .
While ground - based surveys can be used over small areas , the development of remote - sensing technologies could provide rapid and inexpensive crop area estimates with high accuracy over large regions .
Some of these recent earth observation satellite systems , such as the Project for On - Board Autonomy Vegetation ( PROBA - V ) , have the advantage of increased spatial and temporal resolution .
With a study area located in the South Burnett region , Queensland , Australia , the primary aim of this study was to assess the ability of time - series PROBA - V 100 - m normalized difference vegetation index ( NDVI ) for peanut crop mapping .
Two datasets , i . e . , PROBA - V NDVI time - series imagery and the corresponding phenological parameters generated from TIMESAT data analysis technique , were classified using maximum likelihood classification , spectral angle mapper , and minimum distance classification algorithms .
Our study confirmed that the use of finer resolution 100 m of PROBA - V imagery ( i . e . , relative to MODIS 250 - m data ) has contributed to the success of mapping peanut and other crops in the study area .
We consider separate issues of the development of the wavefront sensor ( WFS ) based on the Shack - Hartmann correlation sensor to provide measurements under conditions of strong turbulence .
The parameters of the WFS are calculated on the basis of long - term observations of meteorological characteristics and optical measurements of the Fried parameter .
The effect on the accuracy of measuring the phase distortions of turbulence occurring in the rooms of the telescope itself is analyzed .
However , it is unsuitable for remote sensing image classification of deep convolutional networks due to the regular and fixed shape of receptive fields in current methods , which cannot freely adapt for ground objects with various shapes and scales .
The receptive fields of deep convolutional autoencoders were designed based on a fractal net evolution approach to adapt for various ground objects in images , retaining category purity while providing adequate information .
We collected 109 , 333 samples of seven classes from high - resolution satellite images over various locations to train the ODCAE , which encoded high level features automatically , coupled with a support vector machine for classification .
We assessed the classification results using two WorldView - II image locations .
Thus , the proposed ODCAE approach is useful and efficient for feature learning problems for high - resolution remote sensing images .
Classification of remotely sensed imagery has been useful for mapping of the landslide area .
The purpose of this research was to develop a methodology to map the landslide area rapidly and economically using object - based classification with true color satellite images .
Segmentation of the imagery was completed with the mean shift algorithm in the open source noncommercial remote sensing software , Orfeo toolbox .
Every procedure was implemented using open source remote sensing or geographic information system technologies , which provided cost efficiency while simultaneously providing freedom from commercial license restrictions .
In the last 10 years , development in robotics , computer vision , and sensor technology has provided new spectral remote sensing tools to capture unprecedented ultra - high spatial and high spectral resolution with unmanned aerial vehicles ( UAVs ) .
This development has led to a revolution in geospatial data collection in which not only few specialist data providers collect and deliver remotely sensed data , but a whole diverse community is potentially able to gather geospatial data that fit their needs .
In this review , we evaluate the state - of - the - art methods in UAV spectral remote sensing and discuss sensor technology , measurement procedures , geometric processing , and radiometric calibration based on the literature and more than a decade of experimentation .
We follow the journey ' of the reflected energy from the particle in the environment to its representation as a pixel in a 2D or 2 . 5D map , or 3D spectral point cloud .
Additionally , we reflect on the current revolution in remote sensing , and identify trends , potential opportunities , and limitations .
Protection and monitoring of the Wadden Sea is mandatory and remote sensing is required to survey the extensive , often inaccessible tidal area .
High - resolution satellite - borne sensors now enable new possibilities with satellite synthetic aperture radar ( SAR ) offering high availability of acquisitions during low water time due to independence from daylight and cloud cover .
More than 100 TerraSAR - X images from 2009 to 2016 were used to examine the reproduction of intertidal habitats and macrostructures from the flats south of the island of Norderney and comparative areas in the Lower Saxony Wadden Sea .
Based on the high frequency of TerraSAR - X recordings for the Norderney area , a bedform shift was observed in a time - series from 2009 to 2015 .
For the same period , the development of a mud field with an adjoining depression was traced .
Beside seasonal variations of the mud field , the formation of a mussel bed settling in the depression was imaged over the years .
This study exemplifies the relevance of TerraSAR - X imagery for Wadden Sea remote sensing .
Further development of classification methods for current SAR data together with open access availability should contribute to large - scale surveys of intertidal surface structures of geomorphic or biogenic origin and improve monitoring and long - term ecological research in the Wadden Sea and related tidal areas .
SAR sensors are usually used in the offshore domain to detect marine oil slicks which allows the authorities to guide cleanup operations or prosecute polluters .
As radar imagery can be used any time of day or year and in almost any weather conditions , the use and programming of such remote sensing data is usually favored over optical imagery .
Nevertheless , images collected in the optical domain provide access to key information not accessible today by SAR instruments , such as the thickness or the amount of pollutant .
To address this knowledge gap , a methodology based on the joint use of a scattering model ( U - WCA ) and remote sensing data collected by a low frequency ( e . g . , L - band ) imaging radar over controlled release of mineral oil spill is reported in this paper .
Foliar isoprene emissions within the canopy profile were measured in a high - density poplar plantation in Flanders ( Belgium ) during the 2016 growing season .
The simple independent pigment index and novel defined indices , such as the hyperspectral isoprene index and simple hyperspectral isoprene index , showed promising results and could be suitable estimators of isoprene emissions due to their strong relationship with the xanthophyll pool .
In this study , we apply high - resolution Sentinel - 2A imagery to assist in the monitoring of the southwestern Spanish coast during its first year of data .
The aim is to test suitability of MultiSpectral Imager ( MSI ) at higher resolution ( 10 m ) for mapping Total Suspended Solids ( TSS ) .
Several field campaigns are carried out to collect TSS at three different sites in the Guadalquivir estuary , Cadiz Bay and Conil port .
A regional multi - conditional remote sensing algorithm with a switching method that automatically selects the most sensitive TSS vs . water reflectance relationship is developed to estimate TSS concentration while avoiding saturation effects .
An existing semi - analytical algorithm is calibrated by means of a cross - validation procedure based on both red 664 nm ( r = 0 . 8 , NRMSE of 25 . 06 % ) and near - infrared ( NIR ) 865 nm ( r = 0 . 98 , NRMSE of 10 . 28 % ) parts of the spectrum , showing the MSI sensor ' s great potential to estimate TSS even though it was not designed for aquatic remote sensing .
The first year of data reveals improved monitoring along the coastal region at unprecedented resolution with accuracy to detect the Estuarine Turbidity Maximum ( ETM ) .
These findings encourage further research of water quality studies relying on both operational Sentinel - 2A and Sentinel - 2B , with great implications to improve the understanding of turbid coastal and inland water environments .
In this paper , we analyze the emplacement processes based on observations carried out directly on the lava flow field , remote sensing measurements carried out with a thermal camera , SO2 fluxes , and satellite images , to unravel the key factors leading to the development of lava tubes .
Comparing time - averaged discharge rates ( TADR ) obtained from satellite and Supply Rate ( SR ) derived from SO2 flux data , we estimate the amount and timing of the lava flow field endogenous growth , with the aim of developing a tool that could be used for hazard assessment and risk mitigation at this and other volcanoes .
Therefore , to contribute to this investigation , nine empirical models based on the blue - to - green and blue - to - red ratios and chlorophyll - a ( Chl - a ) concentration were evaluated , as well as three semi - analytical models using bands from the Operational Land Imager ( OLI ) / Landsat - 8 .
Quantitative Precipitation Estimates ( QPEs ) obtained from remote sensing or ground - based radars could complement or even be an alternative to rain gauge readings .
In this paper , the accuracy of three QPEs are evaluated for three extreme precipitation events in the last decade in the southeast of the Iberian Peninsula .
The first QPE is PERSIANN - CCS ( Precipitation Estimation from Remotely Sensed Information using Artificial Neural Networks - Cloud Classification System ) , a satellite - based QPE .
The second and the third are QPEs from a meteorological radar with Doppler capabilities that works in the C band .
The main conclusion , assuming the information from the rain gauges as ground truth , is that neither PERSIANN - CCS nor radar , without empirical calibration , are acceptable QPEs for the real - time monitoring of meteorological extremes in the southeast of the Iberian Peninsula .
Matching multi - sensor remote sensing images is still a challenging task due to textural changes and non - linear intensity differences .
In this paper , a novel matching method is proposed for multi - sensor remote sensing images .
The robustness and capability of the proposed method are tested with a variety of remote sensing images such as Ziyuan - 3 backward , Ziyuan - 3 nadir , Gaofen - 1 , Gaofen - 2 , unmanned aerial vehicle platform , and Jilin - 1 .
Airborne LiDAR ( Light Detection And Ranging ) remote sensing for individual tree - level forest inventory necessitates proper extraction of individual trees and accurate measurement of tree structural parameters .
Due to the inadequate tree finding capability offered by LiDAR technology and the complex patterns of forest canopies , significant omission and commission errors occur frequently in the segmentation results .
Aimed at error reduction and accuracy refinement , this paper presents a novel adaptive mean shift - based clustering scheme aided by a tree trunk detection technique to segment individual trees and estimate tree structural parameters based solely on the airborne LiDAR data .
Tree trunks are detected by analyzing points ' vertical histogram to detach all potential crown points and then clustering the separated trunk points according to their horizontal mutual distances .
Trunk detection results and LiDAR point clusters generated by the adaptive mean shift procedures serve as mutual references for final detection of individual trees .
Spatiotemporal fusion of remote sensing data is essential for generating high spatial and temporal resolution data by taking advantage of high spatial resolution and high temporal resolution imageries .
At present , the Spatial and Temporal Adaptive Reflectance Fusion Model ( STARFM ) is one of the most widely used spatiotemporal fusion technologies of remote sensing data .
However , the quality of data acquired by STARFM depends on temporal information from homogeneous land cover patches at the MODIS ( Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer ) imagery , and the estimation accuracy of STARFM degrades in highly fragmentated and heterogeneous patches .
This method derived the input data of STARFM by downscaling the MODIS data with a linear spectral mixture model .
Through this fusion method , the complement effect of the advantages of remote sensing information can be realized , and the multi - source remote sensing data can be realized for visual data mining .
The developed fusion method was applied in Bosten Lake , the largest freshwater lake in China , and our analysis of results suggests that ( 1 ) after introducing the linear spectral mixture model , the fusion images illustrated improved spatial details to a certain extent and can be employed to identify small objects , as well as their texture distribution information ; ( 2 ) for fragmented and highly heterogeneous areas , a stronger correlation between the predicted results and the real images was observed when compared to STARFM with small bias ; and ( 3 ) the predicted red band and near infrared band can generate high - precision 16 - m NDVI ( Normalized Difference Vegetation Index ) data with advantages in both spatial resolution and temporal resolution .
The results are generally consistent with the Gaofen - 1 wide field of view cameras ( GF - 1 WFV ) NDVI in the same period and therefore can reflect the spatial distribution of NDVI in detail .
The French / Indian altimeter project Satellite with ARGOS and AltiKa ( SARAL ) completed its nominal 3 - year mission on the historical European Remote - sensing Satellite ( ERS ) orbit in Spring 2016 .
In this paper we describe how the ocean mesoscale sampling capability of SARAL has been preserved during the drifting phase by initiating it at a specific altitude : the optimal starting point was approximately 1 km above the historical ERS / ENVIronment SATellite ( ENVISAT ) orbit .
This strategy secured the ocean mesoscale sampling capability of SARAL drifting phase ( DP ) for 6 years or more .
Lastly , we explain how an altimetry mission or an entire altimeter constellation could be operated without any form of altitude control : some specific altitude bands ( e . g . , near 1230 km ) guarantee a high - quality mesoscale sampling for years or decades even if the altitude is not maintained .
The upcoming Surface Water and Ocean Topography satellite ( SWOT ; in orbit from 2021 ) will monitor , worldwide , all rivers larger than 100 m in width ( with a goal to observe rivers as small as 50 m ) for a period of at least three years , representing a potential groundbreaking source of hydrological data , especially in remote areas .
This study refers to the 130 km stretch of the Po River ( Northern Italy ) to investigate SWOT potential in providing discharge estimation for the construction of FDCs .
In particular , this work considers the mission lifetime ( three years ) and the three satellite orbits ( i . e . , 211 , 489 , 560 ) that will monitor the Po River .
The aim is to test the ability to observe the river hydrological regime , which is , for this test case , synthetically reproduced by means of a quasi - 2D hydraulic model .
We consider different river segmentation lengths for discharge estimation and we build the FDCs at four gauging stations placed along the study area referring to available satellite overpasses ( nearly 52 revisits within the mission lifetime ) .
SWOT observables ( i . e . , water level , water extent , etc . ) are estimated by corrupting the values simulated with the quasi - 2D model according to the mission requirements .
Remotely - sensed FDCs are compared with those obtained with extended ( e . g . , 20 - 70 years ) gauge datasets .
Results highlight the potential of the mission to provide a realistic reconstruction of the flow regimes at different locations .
Therefore , it is essential to quantify and monitor the water balance of Lake Tana .
The lack of in - situ measurements highlights the need for the innovative application of satellite remote sensing .
This study explores how freely accessible satellite remote sensing can be used to complement routine weather data to quantify the water balance of Lake Tana and its surrounding catchments .
Monthly inflow into lake was computed as the total runoff from the surrounding catchments ; the runoff was estimated as the residual of the land - based catchment water balance using satellite precipitation improved with an integrated downscaling - calibration procedure , satellite evapotranspiration , and a correction term for changes in land total storage ( soil moisture storage and deep percolation ) .
The outflow from Lake Tana was estimated as the residual of lake water balance by combining satellite - based lake precipitation , changes in water storage , and lake inflow with estimated lake evaporation .
Microwave radar is a well - established tool for all - weather monitoring of film slicks which appear in radar imagery of the surface of water bodies as areas of reduced backscatter due to suppression of short wind waves .
Information about slicks obtained with single - band / one - polarized radar seems to be insufficient for film characterization ; hence , new capabilities of multi - polarization radars for monitoring of film slicks have been actively discussed in the literature .
In this paper the results of new experiments on remote sensing of film slicks using dual co - polarized radarsa satellite TerraSAR - X and a ship - based X - / C - / S - band radarare presented .
Radar backscattering is assumed to contain Bragg and non - Bragg components ( BC and NBC , respectively ) .
Each of the components can be eliminated from the total radar backscatter measured at two co - polarizations , and contrasts of Bragg and non - Bragg components in slicks can be analyzed separately .
New data on a damping ratio ( contrast ) characterizing reduction of radar returns in slicks are obtained for the two components of radar backscatter in various radar bands .
The contrast values for Bragg and non - Bragg components are comparable to each other and demonstrate similar dependence on radar wave number ; BC and NBC contrasts grow monotonically for the cases of upwind and downwind observations and weakly decrease with wave number for the cross - wind direction .
The correction of directional effects on satellite - retrieved land surface temperature ( LST ) is of high relevance for a proper interpretation of spatial and temporal features contained in LST fields .
The models are calibrated with LST data collocated in time and space from MODIS ( Aqua and Terra ) and SEVIRI ( Meteosat ) , for an area covering the entire SEVIRI disk and encompassing the full year of 2011 .
Past studies showed that such models are prone to overfitting , especially when there are discrepancies between the LSTs that are not related to the viewing geometry ( e . g . , emissivity , atmospheric correction ) .
Furthermore , when tested with independent data , the calibrated models are shown to maintain the capability of representing the angular dependency of the differences between LST derived from polar - orbiter ( MODIS ) and geostationary ( Meteosat , GOES and Himawari ) satellites .
Satellite monitoring is thus an essential tool to detect such changes .
The present study aimed to assess the bio - optical variability of the ELNC and examine the applicability of ocean colour algorithms , using in situ bio - optical and radiometric data , collected during the March 2014 CALIOPE 2 cruise .
The phytoplankton specific absorption was generally lower ( mean , 0 . 049 m ( 2 ) . mg Chla ( - 1 ) ) than typical values observed for the corresponding Chla range , as well as the spectral slopes of the absorption of CDOM plus NAP ( a ( dg ) ) ( mean , 0 . 016 nm ( - 1 ) ) and of the particle backscattering coefficient ( b ( bp ) ) ( mean , 0 . 07 nm ( - 1 ) ) .
The remote sensing reflectance obtained using two in - water approaches and modelled from Inherent Optical Properties ( IOPs ) showed less than 20 % relative percent differences ( RPD ) .
Turbidity algorithms also performed reasonably well ( 30 % RPD ) , showing the capacity and usefulness of the derived products to monitor the water quality of the ELNC , provided accurate atmospheric correction of the satellite data .
In the process of object - based change detection ( OBCD ) , scale is a significant factor related to extraction and analyses of subsequent change data .
To address this problem , this paper describes an object - based approach to urban area change detection ( CD ) using rotation forest ( RoF ) and coarse - to - fine uncertainty analyses of multi - temporal high - resolution remote sensing images .
The spectral and texture features of each object are extracted .
In experiments using two pairs of real high - resolution remote sensing datasets , our proposed approach outperformed existing methods in terms of CD accuracy , verifying its feasibility and effectiveness .
The Landsat archives have been made freely available in 2008 , allowing the production of high resolution built - up maps at the regional or global scale .
This leads to a growing interest from the remote sensing community toward Volunteered Geographic Information ( VGI ) projects such as OpenStreetMap ( OSM ) .
The obtained results are compared with : ( 1 ) existing high resolution global urban maps such as the Global Human Settlement Layer ( GHSL ) or the Human Built - up and Settlements Extent ( HBASE ) ; and ( 2 ) a supervised classification based on manually digitized training samples .
High - resolution airborne thermal infrared ( TIR ) together with sun - induced fluorescence ( SIF ) and hyperspectral optical images ( visible , near - and shortwave infrared ; VNIR / SWIR ) were jointly acquired over an experimental site .
The objective of this study was to evaluate the potential of these state - of - the - art remote sensing techniques for detecting symptoms similar to those occurring during water stress ( hereinafter referred to as water stress symptoms ' ) at airborne level .
Flights with two camera systems ( Telops Hyper - Cam LW , Specim HyPlant ) took place during 11th and 12th June 2014 in Latisana , Italy over a commercial grass ( Festuca arundinacea and Poa pratense ) farm with plots that were treated with an anti - transpirant agent ( Vapor Gard ( R ) ; VG ) and a highly reflective powder ( kaolin ; KA ) .
Concurrent in situ meteorological data from an on - site weather station , surface temperature and chamber flux measurements were obtained .
A linear mixed effects model that respects the nested structure of the experimental setup was employed to analyse treatment effects on the remote sensing parameters .
Maps and boxplots of TIR - based indices show diurnal changes : T - s was lowest in the early morning , increased by 6 K up to late morning as a consequence of increasing net radiation and air temperature ( T - air ) and remained stable towards noon due to the compensatory cooling effect of increased plant transpiration ; this was also confirmed by the chamber measurements .
A comparative assessment of the spectral domains regarding their capabilities for water stress detection was limited due to : ( i ) synchronously overpasses of the two airborne sensors were not feasible , and ( ii ) instead of a real water stress occurrence only water stress symptoms were simulated by the chemical agents .
VNIR / SWIR indices as well as SIF indices were highly sensitive to KA , because of an overall increase in spectral reflectance and thus a reduced absorbed energy .
On the contrary , the TIR domain was highly sensitive to subtle changes in the temperature regime as induced by VG and KA , whereas VNIR / SWIR and SIF domain were less affected by VG treatment .
The benefit of a multi - sensor approach is not only to provide useful information about actual plant status but also on the causes of biophysical , physiological and photochemical changes .
We used unmanned aerial vehicles ( UAVs ) to carry out a relatively complete population census of large wild herbivores in Maduo County on the Tibetan Plateau in the spring of 2017 .
The effective area covered by aerial surveys was 326 . 6 km ( 2 ) , and 23 , 784 images were acquired .
Compared with traditional ground survey methods , performance of UAV remote sensing surveys of large wild herbivore populations was fast , economical and reliable , providing an effective future method for surveying wild animals .
Since over 70 % of carbon emissions are from urban areas , it is of great importance to develop an effective measurement technique that can accurately monitor atmospheric CO2 in global urban areas .
Remote sensing could be an effective way to achieve this goal .
However , due to high aerosol loading in urban areas , there are large , inadequately resolved areas in the CO2 products acquired by passive remote sensing .
China is planning to launch the Atmospheric Environment Monitoring Satellite ( AEMS ) equipped with a CO2 - light detecting and ranging ( LIDAR ) system .
This work conducted a feasibility study on obtaining city - scale column CO2 volume mixing ratios ( XCO2 ) using the LIDAR measurements .
We found that both the coverage and the accuracy of the LIDAR - derived city - scale XCO2 values were highly dependent on the orbit height .
Our simulations also showed that off - nadir sampling would improve the performance of a CO2 - Integrated Path Differential Absorption ( IPDA ) LIDAR system operating in a 705 km orbit .
These results indicate that an active remote sensing mission could help to effectively measure XCO2 values in urban areas .
More detailed studies are needed to reveal the potential of such equipment for improving the verification of carbon emissions and the estimation of urban carbon fluxes .
Here we offer a cost effective alternative to in situ PCB monitoring by demonstrating the feasibility of indirectly quantifying PCBs in the SFB via satellite remote sensing using a two - step approach .
We then correlated in situ SSC with spatially and temporally consistent Landsat 8 and Sentinel 2A reflectances .
We demonstrate strong relationships between SSC and PCBs in all three SFB sub - embayments ( R - 2 > 0 . 28 - 0 . 80 , p < 0 . 01 ) , as well as a robust relationship between SSC and satellite measurements for both Landsat 8 and Sentinel 2A ( R - 2 > 0 . 72 , p < 0 . 01 ) .
The end product of these relationships is an empirical two - step relationship capable of deriving PCBs from satellite imagery .
Our approach of estimating PCBs in the SFB by remotely sensing SSC is extremely cost - effective when compared to traditional in situ techniques .
Moreover , it can also be utilized to generate PCB concentration maps for the SFB .
Active learning ( AL ) has been shown to be very effective in hyperspectral image ( HSI ) classification .
However , the original MVAL cannot effectively exploit the spectral - spatial information by respecting the three - dimensional ( 3D ) nature of the HSI and the query selection strategy in the MVAL is only based on the disagreement of multiple views .
In this paper , we propose a 3D - Gabor inspired MVAL method for spectral - spatial HSI classification , which consists of two main steps .
Classification accuracies of the proposed method for the four benchmark HSI datasets can be as high as 99 . 57 % , 99 . 93 % , 99 . 02 % , 98 . 82 % , respectively , demonstrating the improved performance as compared with other state - of - the - art methods .
3D building models are an essential data infrastructure for various applications in a smart city system , since they facilitate spatial queries , spatial analysis , and interactive visualization .
Due to the highly complex nature of building structures , automatically reconstructing 3D buildings from point clouds remains a challenging task .
Two LiDAR datasets from Guangdong ( China ) and Vaihingen ( Germany ) with different point densities were used in our study .
Experimental results , including the assessment on Vaihingen standardized by the International Society for Photogrammetry and Remote Sensing ( ISPRS ) , show that the proposed method can be used to model 3D building roofs with high quality results as demonstrated by the completeness and correctness metrics presented in this paper .
One potential solution to this problem lies in remote sensing - derived information ; however , prospective users must have continuous and timely access to vegetation products tailored to their needs .
Google Earth Engine ( GEE ) can overcome the many storage , processing , and visualization barriers associated with creating ready - to - use remote sensing products for the public .
While GEE provides a platform for building tools to analyze data and share results with users in near real - time for adaptive management , monitoring products need to ( 1 ) provide accurate and stable estimates over time and ( 2 ) align with management goals and the ecology of the rangeland system in question .
Here , we assess estimates of vegetation cover and above - ground biomass at two dominant phenological time periods ( summer / green and fall / brown ) , as modeled from the Landsat 7 and Landsat 8 Climatic Data Record ( CDR ) product .
Using a best - subset regression modeling approach , we modeled vegetation cover and biomass , finding that the best predictors vary by season , corresponding to vegetation phenology .
We also found that sensor - specific models decreased the relative differences between mapped cover and biomass estimates when comparing Landsat 7 and Landsat 8 scenes one day apart in the summer and fall .
Ultimately , we developed an automated model selection process driven by sensor and vegetation greenness that can run in GEE to monitor and analyze vegetation amounts across the grazing season for adaptive management .
Using one case study in the Gyirong River Basin located in the central Himalayas , this paper applied archival Landsat imagery and an automated mapping method to understand how glaciers and glacial lakes interactively evolved between 1988 and 2015 .
Advances in remote sensing have led to the use of satellite - derived rainfall products to complement the sparse rain gauge data .
Although these products are globally and some regional bias corrected , they often show substantial differences relative to ground measurements attributed to local and external factors that require systematic consideration .
Our proposal to deal with this problem was to use a Bayesian approach to merge the existing historical rain gauge information to create consistent satellite rainfall data for long - term applications .
Monthly bias correction was applied to Climate Hazards Group Infrared Precipitation with Stations ( CHIRPS v2 ) using a corresponding gridded ( 0 . 05 degrees ) rain gauge data over East Africa for 33 years ( 1981 - 2013 ) .
The first 22 years were utilized to derive error fields which were then applied to independent CHIRPS data for 11 years for validation .
Standard chlorophyll - a ( chl - a ) algorithms , which rely on Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectro - radiometer ( MODIS ) data aboard the Aqua satellite , usually show different performances depending on the area under consideration .
In this paper , we assessed their accuracy in retrieving the chl - a concentration in the Basilicata Ionian Coastal waters ( Ionian Sea , South of Italy ) .
The outputs of one empirical ( Med - OC3 ) and two semi - analytical algorithms , the Garver - Siegel - Maritorena ( GSM ) and the Generalized Inherent Optical Properties ( GIOP ) model , have been compared with ground measurements acquired during three different measurement campaigns .
Finally , a local scale assessment of the bio - optical properties , on the basis of the in situ dataset , allowed for the definition of an operational local scale - tuned version of the MODIS chl - a algorithm , which assured increased accuracy ( adjusted R - 2 value of 0 . 86 ) .
The relationships between drivers , stress , and ecosystem functions in forest ecosystems are complex , multi - faceted , and often non - linear , and yet forest managers , decision makers , and politicians need to be able to make rapid decisions that are data - driven and based on short and long - term monitoring information , complex modeling , and analysis approaches .
A huge number of long - standing and standardized forest health inventory approaches already exist , and are increasingly integrating remote - sensing based monitoring approaches .
Therefore , this paper discusses and presents in detail five sets of requirements , including their relevance , necessity , and the possible solutions that would be necessary for establishing a feasible multi - source forest health monitoring network for the 21st century .
Namely , these requirements are : ( 1 ) understanding the effects of multiple stressors on forest health ; ( 2 ) using remote sensing ( RS ) approaches to monitor forest health ; ( 3 ) coupling different monitoring approaches ; ( 4 ) using data science as a bridge between complex and multidimensional big forest health ( FH ) data ; and ( 5 ) a future multi - source forest health monitoring network .
It became apparent that no existing monitoring approach , technique , model , or platform is sufficient on its own to monitor , model , forecast , or assess forest health and its resilience .
This study analyzed the impact of urbanization on the water quality in Shanghai , from 2007 to 2015 , using remote sensing ( RS ) and geographic information system ( GIS ) techniques .
Five measurements of water quality were employed : total discharged wastewater volume , general water quality levels , dissolved oxygen ( DO ) , permanganate , and ammonia nitrogen .
An urban index was extracted from satellite image classification and was used to quantify the anthropogenic activities .
While studies have demonstrated that satellite - based models could well simulate intra - annual variation of vegetation GPP , there is a need to understand our ability to capture interannual GPP variability .
This study compares the spatiotemporal performance of six satellite - based models in regional modeling of annual GPP for deciduous broadleaf forests across the eastern United States .
Improvements to the current satellite - based models have to be made to capture interannual GPP variation in addition to intra - annual variation .
Feature tracking has been widely used in optical and radar imagery with fine resolution to retrieve flow parameters , although the primitive result may be contaminated by noise .
The result through our accuracy control strategy highlights that coarse remote - sensed images such as Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectrophotometer ( MODIS ) can still offer the capability for comprehensive and long - term continental ice sheet surface velocity mapping .
This paper describes intra - and inter - annual vegetation restoration trajectories via MODIS time - series and Landsat data .
The temporal and spatial characteristics of the natural succession were analyzed from 2000 to 2016 .
Finally , we regressed post - fire MODIS EVI , LST and LSWI values onto GPP and NPP values to identify the main limiting factors during post - fire carbon exchange .
The strong correlations between EVI and GPP / NPP reveal that the C - flux can be simply and directly estimated on a per - pixel basis from EVI data , which can be used to accurately estimate land - surface energy fluxes during vegetation restoration and reduce uncertainties in the estimation of forests ' carbon reserves .
Under such a situation , optical remote sensing ( RS ) data and radar RS data along with a logistic regression were utilized in this study to develop modeling for flood - damaged area delineation .
High - resolution web - based satellite imagery was also interpreted to confirm the results of the study .
The continuum of the SWIR ( short - wave infrared ) signals from 1320 to 1650 nm contains valuable information for effectively diagnosing water , chlorophyll , and nitrogen content .
The SWIR spectra of in situ spectroradiometric data and airborne spectrometric images are frequently contaminated by significant noise .
Hundreds of reflectance spectra of tree crowns were obtained using an ASD FR Spectroradiometer .
The consistency between the blank test and the in situ experimental results indicates that the GLGCM technique has potential in using batch processing to fix the problem of the noisy SWIR spectra in spectroradiometeric data and also airborne spectrometric images .
Thus , there is an urgent need to develop an effective approach for accurate early warning and damage assessment of PSB outbreaks .
Remote sensing is one of the most efficient methods for this purpose .
Despite many studies existing on the mountain pine beetle ( MPB ) , very little work has been undertaken on assessing PSB stress using remote sensing .
The objective of this paper was to develop a spectral linear mixing model aided by radiative transfer ( RT ) and a new Yellow Index ( YI ) to simulate the reflectance of heterogeneous canopies containing damaged needles and quantitatively inverse their PSB stress .
The major steps of this methods include : ( 1 ) LIBERTY2 was developed to simulate the reflectance of damaged needles using YI to linearly mix the green needle spectra with the dead needle spectra ; ( 2 ) LIBERTY2 was coupled with the INFORM model to scale the needle spectra to the canopy scale ; and ( 3 ) a look - up table ( LUT ) was created against Sentinel 2 ( S2 ) imagery and inversed leaf chlorophyll content ( LCC ) , green leaf area index ( LAI ) and plot SDR .
The results show that ( 1 ) LIBERTY2 effectively simulated the reflectance spectral values on infested needles ( mean relative error ( MRE ) = 1 . 4 - 18 % ) , and the YI can indicate the degrees of needles damage ; ( 2 ) the coupled LIBERTY2 - INFORM model is suitable to estimate LAI ( R - 2 = 0 . 73 , RMSE = 0 . 17 m m ( - 2 ) , NRMSE = 11 . 41 % and the index of agreement ( IOA ) = 0 . 92 ) and LCC ( R - 2 = 0 . 49 , RMSE = 56 . 24 mg m ( - 2 ) , NRMSE = 25 . 22 % and IOA = 0 . 72 ) , and is better than the original LIBERTY model ( LAI : R - 2 = 0 . 38 , RMSE = 0 . 43 m m ( - 2 ) , NRMSE = 28 . 85 % and IOA = 0 . 68 ; LCC : R - 2 = 0 . 34 , RMSE = 76 . 44 mg m ( - 2 ) , NRMSE = 34 . 23 % and IOA = 0 . 57 ) ; and ( 3 ) the inversed YI is positively correlated with the measured plot SDR ( R - 2 = 0 . 40 , RMSE = 0 . 15 ) .
We conclude that the LIBERTY2 model improved the reflectance simulation accuracy of both the needles and canopies , making it suitable for assessing PSB stress .
Aerial infrared point target detection under nonstationary background clutter is a crucial yet challenging issue in the field of remote sensing .
This paper presents a novel omnidirectional multiscale morphological method for aerial point target detection based on a dual - band model .
Considering that the clutter noise conforms to the Gaussian distribution , the single - band detection model under the Neyman - Pearson ( NP ) criterion is established first , and then the optimal fused probability of detection under the dual - band model is deduced according to the And fusion rule .
The experimental result demonstrates that the proposed method achieves a high probability of detection and performs well with respect to suppressing complex background when compared with common algorithms .
Many models developed to obtain the fraction of PSCs from satellite remote sensing have only been evaluated in open oceans , and very limited effort has been carried out to report on the performance of these PSC models in productive continental shelf waters .
In this study , we evaluated the performance of nine PSC models in the coastal Northwest Atlantic ( NWA ) by comparison of in situ phytoplankton pigment measurements with coincidental satellite data from the Sea - Viewing Wide Field - of - View Sensor ( SeaWiFS ) , Moderate - resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer ( MODIS ) , and the Visible Infrared Imaging Radiometer Suite ( VIIRS ) .
Our results show that no PSC model retrieved all three phytoplankton size classes ( pico - , nano - , and micro - phytoplankton ) with reliable accuracy in the region of interest .
In particular , these PSC models showed poor performance for retrieval of the picophytoplankton fraction of total phytoplankton in our study region , which could be related to the under - representation of pico - dominated samples in the productive waters of the NWA .
For the accuracy of retrieved microphytoplankton and combined nano - pico phytoplankton fraction , the regional model developed by Devred et al . ( 2011 ) yielded the best result , followed by the model of Brewin et al . ( 2011 ) .
The model of Devred et al . ( 2011 ) was applied to satellite - derived chlorophyll - a concentration from the Ocean Color Climate Change Initiative ( OC - CCI ) archive in the NWA from 1998 to 2016 .
The accuracy of three satellite models of primary production ( PP ) of varying complexity was assessed against 95 in situ C - 14 uptake measurements from the North East Atlantic Ocean ( NEA ) .
The models were run using the European Space Agency ( ESA ) , Ocean Colour Climate Change Initiative ( OC - CCI ) version 3 . 0 data .
The objectives of the study were to determine which is the most accurate PP model for the region in different provinces and seasons , what is the accuracy of the models using both high ( daily ) and low ( eight day ) temporal resolution OC - CCI data , and whether the performance of the models is improved by implementing a photoinhibition function ?
Fusing multiple change detection results has great potentials in dealing with the spectral variability in multitemporal very high - resolution ( VHR ) remote sensing images .
Therefore , in this paper , we proposed an urban change detection method for VHR images by fusing multiple change detection methods with D - S evidence theory .
Change vector analysis ( CVA ) , iteratively reweighted multivariate alteration detection ( IRMAD ) , and iterative slow feature analysis ( ISFA ) were utilized to obtain the candidate change maps .
Despite recent advances of deep Convolutional Neural Networks ( CNNs ) in various computer vision tasks , their potential for classification of multispectral remote sensing images has not been thoroughly explored .
In particular , the applications of deep CNNs using optical remote sensing data have focused on the classification of very high - resolution aerial and satellite data , owing to the similarity of these data to the large datasets in computer vision .
Accordingly , this study presents a detailed investigation of state - of - the - art deep learning tools for classification of complex wetland classes using multispectral RapidEye optical imagery .
Specifically , we examine the capacity of seven well - known deep convnets , namely DenseNet121 , InceptionV3 , VGG16 , VGG19 , Xception , ResNet50 , and InceptionResNetV2 , for wetland mapping in Canada .
Importantly , InceptionResNetV2 is consistently found to be superior compared to all other convnets , suggesting the integration of Inception and ResNet modules is an efficient architecture for classifying complex remote sensing scenes such as wetlands .
In - situ monitoring of lake water quality in synergy with satellite remote sensing represents the latest scientific trend in many water quality monitoring programs worldwide .
This study investigated the suitability of the Operational Land Imager ( OLI ) instrument onboard the Landsat 8 satellite platform in accurately estimating key water quality parameters such as chlorophyll - a and nutrient concentrations .
Two Landsat 8 images covering the study site were acquired on 30 October 2013 and 30 August 2014 respectively .
Near concurrent in - situ observations from two water sampling campaigns were also acquired from 22 stations across the lake under study .
In - situ measurements ( nutrients and chlorophyll - a concentrations ) were statistically correlated with various spectral band combinations derived from the Landsat imagery of year 2014 .
Subsequently , the most statistically promising predictive models were applied to the satellite image of 2013 and validation was conducted using in - situ data of 2013 as reference .
These results represent a higher accuracy of Landsat 8 in comparison to its predecessors in the Landsat satellites series , as evidenced in the literature .
Our findings suggest that Landsat 8 has a promising capability in estimating water quality components in an oligotrophic freshwater body characterized by a complete absence of any quantitative , temporal and spatial variance , as is the case of Trichonis lake .
Yet , even with the presence of a lot of ground information as was the case in our study , a quantitatively accurate estimation of water quality constituents in coastal / inland waters remains a great challenge .
The launch of sophisticated spaceborne sensing systems , such as that of Landsat 8 , can assist in improving our ability to estimate freshwater lake properties from space .
A detailed and state - of - the - art landslide inventory map including precise landslide location is greatly required for landslide susceptibility , hazard , and risk assessments .
Traditional techniques employed for landslide detection in tropical regions include field surveys , synthetic aperture radar techniques , and optical remote sensing .
Furthermore , complications arise for the generation of accurate landslide location maps in these regions due to dense vegetation in tropical forests .
Given its ability to penetrate vegetation cover , high - resolution airborne light detection and ranging ( LiDAR ) is typically employed to generate accurate landslide maps .
Two study sites were selected to implement the method of landslide detection and evaluation of the proposed method ( subset " A " for implementation and subset " B " for the transferrable ) .
The DST method performed well in detecting landslide locations in tropical regions such as Malaysia , with potential applications in other similarly vegetated regions .
The impact of confining hitherto migratory elephant populations within forests remains unknown , and monitoring largely inaccessible areas is challenging .
We explore the application of remote sensing to monitor the impact of confinement , employing the Breaks For Additive Season and Trend ( BFAST ) time - series decomposition method over a 15 - year period on Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer ( MODIS ) Enhanced Vegetation Index ( EVI ) ( MOD13Q1 ) datasets for two Kenyan forests .
Results indicated that BFAST was able to identify disturbances from anthropogenic , fire and elephant damage .
Sequential monitoring enabled the detection of gradual changes in the forest canopy , with degradation and regeneration being observed in both sites .
Results presented here demonstrate that BFAST can be used to monitor biotic and abiotic drivers of change in Afromontane forests .
The photochemical reflectance index ( PRI ) is calculated from vegetation narrowband reflectance in two bands in the visible part of the spectrum .
Correlations have been found between remotely - sensed PRI and various photosynthetic productivity parameters at the scales from leaves to landscapes .
Environmental satellites can provide only an instantaneous value of this index at the time of overpass .
However , to apply this to remote sensing of seasonal photosynthetic productivity , the daily cycle of leaf PRI needs to be known for the specific vegetation type .
The global remote sensing ET product MOD16 has proven to underestimate ET in semiarid regions where ET is very sensitive to soil moisture .
The objective of this research was to test whether a modified version of the remote sensing ET model PT - JPL , proven to perform well in drylands at Eddy Covariance flux sites using the land surface temperature as a proxy to the surface moisture status ( PT - JPL - thermal ) , could be up - scaled at regional levels introducing also a new formulation for net radiation from various MODIS products .
We applied three methods to track the spatial and temporal characteristics of ET in the World Heritage UNESCO Donana region : ( i ) a locally calibrated hydrological model ( WATEN ) , ( ii ) the PT - JPL - thermal , and ( iii ) the global remote sensing ET product MOD16 .
The PT - JPL - thermal showed strong agreement with the WATEN ET in - situ calibrated estimates ( rho = 0 . 78 , rho ( 1month - lag ) = 0 . 94 ) even though the MOD16 product did not ( rho = 0 . 48 ) .
The PT - JPL - thermal approach has proven to be a robust remote sensing model for detecting ET at a regional level in Mediterranean environments and it requires only air temperature and incoming solar radiation from climatic databases apart from freely available satellite products .
The timely estimation of crop biomass and nitrogen content is a crucial step in various tasks in precision agriculture , for example in fertilization optimization .
Remote sensing using drones and aircrafts offers a feasible tool to carry out this task .
Our objective was to develop and assess a methodology for crop biomass and nitrogen estimation , integrating spectral and 3D features that can be extracted using airborne miniaturized multispectral , hyperspectral and colour ( RGB ) cameras .
The method was assessed with empirical datasets captured of a barley field and a grass silage trial site using a hyperspectral camera based on the Fabry - Perot interferometer ( FPI ) and a regular RGB camera onboard a drone and an aircraft .
In the biomass estimation , the best results were obtained when integrating hyperspectral and 3D features , but the integration of RGB images and 3D features also provided results that were almost as good .
In nitrogen content estimation , the hyperspectral camera gave the best results .
We concluded that the integration of spectral and high spatial resolution 3D features and radiometric calibration was necessary to optimize the accuracy .
To address this problem , we have developed several support systems for the automated detection of wild animals in remote sensing images .
In this study , we applied one of the developed algorithms , the computer - aided detection of moving wild animals ( DWA ) algorithm , to thermal remote sensing images .
We also performed several analyses to confirm that the DWA algorithm is useful for thermal images and to clarify the optimal conditions for obtaining thermal images ( during predawn hours and on overcast days ) .
We developed a method based on the algorithm to extract moving wild animals from thermal remote sensing images .
Then , accuracy was evaluated by applying the method to airborne thermal images in a wide area .
This means that the proposed method can reduce the person - hours required to survey moving wild animals from large numbers of thermal remote sensing images .
Furthermore , we confirmed the extracted sika deer candidates in a pair of images and found 24 moving objects that were not identified by visual inspection by an expert .
The detection accuracy is expected to increase by setting suitable observation conditions for surveying moving wild animals .
The discussions about the required observation conditions would be extremely useful for people monitoring animal population changes using thermal remote sensing images .
Satellite remote sensing enables high - resolution mapping of pond aquaculture , facilitating inventory analyses to support sustainable development of the planet ' s valuable coastal ecosystems .
Free , full and open data from the Copernicus earth observation missions opens up new potential for the detection and monitoring of aquaculture from space .
High - resolution time series data acquired by active microwave instruments aboard the Sentinel - 1 satellites and fully automated , object - based image analysis allow the identification of aquaculture ponds .
In this regard , earth observation - based mapping and monitoring of pond aquaculture can be used to estimate production and has great potential for global production projections .
For the deltas of the Mekong River , Red River , Pearl River , and Yellow River , as one of the world ' s most significant aquaculture production regions , we detected aquaculture ponds from high spatial resolution Sentinel - 1 Synthetic Aperture Radar ( SAR ) data .
We collected aquaculture production and yield statistics at national , regional and local levels to link earth observation - based findings to the size , number and distribution of aquaculture ponds with production estimation .
With the SAR derived mapping product , it is possible for the first time to assess aquaculture on single pond level at a regional scale and use that information for spatial analyses and production estimation .
Great efforts have been made for the estimation of the aerosol optical depth ( AOD ) , SSR and ARF using meteorological measurements and satellite observations .
However , the accuracy , and spatial and temporal resolutions of these existing AOD , SSR and ARF models should be improved to meet the application requirements , due to the uncertainties and gaps of input parameters .
The result show that the Genetic_BP could be used for estimating AOD values with high accuracy ( R = 0 . 866 for CASNET ( China Aerosol Remote Sensing Network ) stations and R = 0 . 865 for AERONET ( Aerosol Robotic Network ) stations ) .
The use of remote sensing to monitor surface water bodies has gradually matured .
Long - term serial water change analysis and floods monitoring are currently research hotspots of remote sensing hydrology .
However , these studies are also faced with some problems , such as coarse temporal or spatial resolution of some remote sensing data .
In general , flood monitoring requires high temporal resolution , and small - scale surface water extraction requires high spatial resolution .
MODIS data are well suited for large - scale surface water dynamic analysis and flood monitoring because of its short return cycle and medium spatial resolution .
In this paper , the Yangtze River Basin ( YRB ) in China was selected as the study area , and two MODIS products ( MOD09A1 and MOD13Q1 ) and RF method were used to extract the surface water from 2000 to 2016 .
Considering the disadvantages of temporal or spatial resolution of these two MODIS products , this study also presents a data fusion method to combine them and get higher spatiotemporal resolution water results .
In addition , water extent variation is analyzed and compared to observed precipitation data .
As such , the approach is worth referring to other remote sensing applications , and these products are very both valuable for water resource management and flood monitoring in the study area .
This paper describes a new rainfall rate retrieval algorithm , developed within the EUMETSAT H SAF program , based on the Passive microwave Neural network Precipitation Retrieval approach ( PNPR v3 ) , designed to work with the conically scanning Global Precipitation Measurement ( GPM ) Microwave Imager ( GMI ) .
For further verification , two case studies over Italy are also analysed and a good consistency of PNPR v3 retrievals with simultaneous ground radar observations and with the GMI GPROF V05 estimates is found .
PNPR v3 is a global rainfall retrieval algorithm , able to optimally exploit the GMI multi - channel response to different surface types and precipitation structures , that provide global rainfall retrieval in a computationally very efficient way , making the product suitable for near - real time operational applications .
Due to the limitations of storage and transmission in remote sensing scenarios , lossy compression techniques have been commonly considered for remote sensing images .
The two phases are closely related : the former is devoted to image representation for preserving more directional information of remote sensing images , and the latter leverages adaptive scanning on the transformed image blocks to further improve coding efficiency .
Automatic raft - culture monitoring by remote sensing technique is an important way to control the crop ' s growth and implement effective management .
A dataset with Gaofen - 1 satellite images was collected to verify the effectiveness of our method .
Building extraction from remotely sensed imagery plays an important role in urban planning , disaster management , navigation , updating geographic databases , and several other geospatial applications .
Several published contributions dedicated to the applications of deep convolutional neural networks ( DCNN ) for building extraction using aerial / satellite imagery exists .
In this paper , we present an enhanced fully convolutional network ( FCN ) framework that is designed for building extraction of remotely sensed images by applying conditional random fields ( CRFs ) .
The experiments were conducted on Massachusetts building aerial imagery .
An accurate flood detection method is essential for obtaining areas of irrigated rice fields affected by flooding .
This paper aims to distinguish between rice fields with flooding and rice fields with agronomic inundation using MODerate resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer ( MODIS ) 8 day 500 m spatial resolution ( MOD09A1 ) imageries over irrigated rice fields with complex cropping patterns in West Java .
Over the past decade , Enhanced Vegetation Index ( EVI ) < = 0 . 1 derived from moderate resolution remote sensing imageries has been used for detecting flooding in irrigated rice fields .
Compared with the state - of - the - art approaches , the experimental results on both the synthetic and real remote sensing data demonstrate that the proposed model has a better destriping performance in terms of the preservation of small details , stripe noise estimation and in the mean time for artifacts ' reduction .
Remote sensing constitutes a convenient method for archaeological prospection and monitoring over such regions with its low cost ( relative to ground based sensing techniques ) , global coverage , and high temporal and spatial sampling .
This paper describes part of a study to revisit a number of sites investigated during the North Sinai Survey ( 1972 - 1982 ) with very high resolution optical and Synthetic Aperture Radar satellite imagery .
The Synthetic Aperture Radar data includes Spotlight and Staring Spotlight modes of the TerraSAR - X mission , while the optical imagery was acquired by the Pleiades mission .
The results of the TerraSAR - X data processing , and the pan - sharpened Pleiades data were compared with the results of the North Sinai Survey to detect possible additional buried structures in the radar data , or newly excavated sites in the optical data .
Herein , a number of newly excavated structures are apparent in the remote sensing data .
The utility of both data types for archaeological site monitoring are discussed .
Due to technical and budget limitations , there are inevitably some trade - offs in the design of remote sensing instruments , making it difficult to acquire high spatiotemporal resolution remote sensing images simultaneously .
To address this problem , this paper proposes a new data fusion model named the deep convolutional spatiotemporal fusion network ( DCSTFN ) , which makes full use of a convolutional neural network ( CNN ) to derive high spatiotemporal resolution images from remotely sensed images with high temporal but low spatial resolution ( HTLS ) and low temporal but high spatial resolution ( LTHS ) .
Experiments with MODerate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer ( MODIS ) and Landsat Operational Land Imager ( OLI ) images show that the proposed CNN - based approach not only achieves state - of - the - art accuracy , but is also more robust than conventional spatiotemporal fusion algorithms .
Quantifying emissions from crop residue burning is crucial as it is a significant source of air pollution .
In this study , we first compared the fire products from two different sensors , the Visible Infrared Imaging Radiometer Suite ( VIIRS ) 375 m active fire product ( VNP14IMG ) and Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer ( MODIS ) 1 km fire product ( MCD14ML ) in an agricultural landscape , Punjab , India .
We then performed an intercomparison of three different approaches for estimating total particulate matter ( TPM ) emissions which includes the fire radiative power ( FRP ) based approach using VIIRS and MODIS data , the Global Fire Emissions Database ( GFED ) burnt area emissions and a bottom - up emissions approach involving agricultural census data .
Results revealed that VIIRS detected fires were higher by a factor of 4 . 8 compared to MODIS Aqua and Terra sensors .
Further , VIIRS detected fires were higher by a factor of 6 . 5 than Aqua .
The mean monthly MODIS Aqua FRP was found to be higher than the VIIRS FRP ; however , the sum of FRP from VIIRS was higher than MODIS data due to the large number of fires detected by the VIIRS .
Besides , the VIIRS sum of FRP was 2 . 5 times more than the MODIS sum of FRP .
MODIS and VIIRS monthly FRP data were found to be strongly correlated ( r ( 2 ) = 0 . 98 ) .
The bottom - up approach suggested TPM emissions in the range of 88 . 19 - 91 . 19 Gg compared to 42 . 0 - 61 . 71 Gg , 42 . 59 - 58 . 75 Gg and 93 . 98 - 111 . 72 Gg using the GFED , MODIS FRP , and VIIRS FRP based approaches , respectively .
Of the different approaches , VIIRS FRP TPM emissions were highest .
Since VIIRS data are only available since 2012 compared to MODIS Aqua data which have been available since May 2002 , a prediction model combining MODIS and VIIRS FRP was derived to obtain potential TPM emissions from 2003 - 2016 .
Infrared image segmentation plays a significant role in many burgeoning applications of remote sensing , such as environmental monitoring , traffic surveillance , air navigation and so on .
However , the precision is limited due to the blurred edge , low contrast and intensity inhomogeneity caused by infrared imaging .
Rapid , reliable , and continuous information is an essential component in disaster monitoring and management .
Remote sensing data could be a solution , but often cannot provide continuous data due to an absence of global coverage and weather and daylight dependency .
To overcome these challenges , this study makes use of weather and day / light independent Sentinel - 1 data with a global coverage to monitor localized effects of different types of disasters using the Coherence Change - Detection ( CCD ) technique .
Coherence maps were generated from Synthetic Aperture Radar ( SAR ) images and used to classify areas of change and no change in six study areas .
Nevertheless , the spatial sample interval used for sea surface should be around or even smaller than one - eighth of the incident wavelength to ensure EM scattering calculation accuracy , which requires a huge amount of computation , creating an obstacle to scattering numerical simulation , especially for high microwave band incident waves and large sea surface scenes .
This approach can be broadly applied in composite scattering studies , and remote sense imaging simulation of large sea surfaces with multiple targets .
Two - source energy balance ( TSEB ) methods based on remotely - sensed land surface temperature provide an important modeling approach for estimating evapotranspiration ( ET ) and its components of E and T .
Validation was conducted in the large - scale campaign of Heihe Watershed Allied Telemetry Experimental Research - Multi - Scale Observation Experiment on Evapotranspiration ( HiWATER - MUSOEXE ) in the northwest of China , and results showed that root mean square errors ( RMSEs ) of latent and sensible heat fluxes were respectively lower than 76 W / m ( 2 ) and 50 W / m ( 2 ) for all three approaches .
Aerial scene classification is an active and challenging problem in high - resolution remote sensing imagery understanding .
For sake of validation and comparison , our proposed architectures are evaluated via comprehensive experiments with three publicly available remote sensing scene datasets .
The classification accuracies of saliency coded two - stream architecture with our feature fusion model achieve 97 . 79 % , 98 . 90 % , 94 . 09 % , 95 . 99 % , 85 . 02 % , and 87 . 01 % on the UC - Merced dataset ( 50 % and 80 % training samples ) , the Aerial Image Dataset ( AID ) ( 20 % and 50 % training samples ) , and the NWPU - RESISC45 dataset ( 10 % and 20 % training samples ) , respectively , overwhelming state - of - the - art methods .
Timely and accurate estimates of crop parameters are crucial for agriculture management .
Unmanned aerial vehicles ( UAVs ) carrying sophisticated cameras are very pertinent for this work because they can obtain remote - sensing images with higher temporal , spatial , and ground resolution than satellites .
In this study , we evaluated ( i ) the performance of crop parameters estimates using a near - surface spectroscopy ( 350 similar to 2500 nm , 3 nm at 700 nm , 8 . 5 nm at 1400 nm , 6 . 5 nm at 2100 nm ) , a UAV - mounted snapshot hyperspectral sensor ( 450 similar to 950 nm , 8 nm at 532 nm ) and a high - definition digital camera ( Visible , R , G , B ) ; ( ii ) the crop surface models ( CSMs ) , RGB - based vegetation indices ( VIs ) , hyperspectral - based VIs , and methods combined therefrom to make multi - temporal estimates of crop parameters and to map the parameters .
The estimated leaf area index ( LAI ) and above - ground biomass ( AGB ) are obtained by using linear and exponential equations , random forest ( RF ) regression , and partial least squares regression ( PLSR ) to combine the UAV based spectral VIs and crop heights ( from the CSMs ) .
The results show that : ( i ) spectral VIs correlate strongly with LAI and AGB over single growing stages when crop height correlates positively with AGB over multiple growth stages ; ( ii ) the correlation between the VIs multiplying crop height and AGB is greater than that between a single VI and crop height ; ( iii ) the AGB estimate from the UAV - mounted snapshot hyperspectral sensor and high - definition digital camera is similar to the results from the ground spectrometer when using the combined methods ( i . e . , using VIs multiplying crop height , RF and PLSR to combine VIs and crop heights ) ; and ( iv ) the spectral performance of the sensors is crucial in LAI estimates ( the wheat LAI cannot be accurately estimated over multiple growing stages when using only crop height ) .
The LAI estimates ranked from best to worst are ground spectrometer , UAV snapshot hyperspectral sensor , and UAV high - definition digital camera .
Hyperspectral Band Selection ( BS ) aims to select a few informative and distinctive bands to represent the whole image cube .
The experimental results on different real hyperspectral datasets demonstrate that the BPI - based methods are highly efficient and accurate BS methods .
Aircraft type recognition plays an important role in remote sensing image interpretation .
Here , we present and assess an albedo - based method to derive annual mass balance for three glaciers in the interior TP from Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer ( MODIS ) albedo data during 2000 - 2016 .
The microwave scatterometer is one of the most effective instruments in ocean remote sensing , which urges the need for some theoretical models to accurately estimate the scattering coefficient of the sea surface .
For the simulation of the scattering from an ocean surface , the sea spectrum , or its inverse Fourier transform , autocorrelation function is essential .
Currently , many sea spectral models have been proposed for describing sea waves .
However , which spectrum should be adopted during electromagnetic ( EM ) computations ?
In this paper , we focus on numerical simulations of scattering from a rough sea surface in monostatic and bistatic configurations by using six different sea spectral models and the first - order small slope approximation ( SSA - 1 ) .
First , sea spectral models proposed by Elfouhaily et al . , Hwang et al . , Romeiser et al . , Apel et al . , Fung et al . , and Pierson et al . , are compared with each other from different points of view , e . g . , the omnidirectional parts , the angular spreading functions , the autocorrelation functions , and the slope variances .
We find that the spectra given by Elfouhaily and Hwang could reflect realistic wind sea waves more accurately .
Regarding the monostatic scattering , the results simulated using EM scattering models are compared with those obtained from the measured UAVSAR data in the L band and the empirical model CMOD5 in the C band .
The comparisons show that , it is difficult to find one certain spectral model to simulate scattering coefficient accurately under all wind speeds or wind directions .
Both cruise sampling and polar - orbiting satellite remote sensing make it difficult to synoptically delineate such matter in coastal regions due to insufficient spatiotemporal resolution .
However , near - real - time monitoring from the Geostationary Ocean Color Imager ( GOCI ) , the world ' s first geostationary satellite ocean color sensor , now allows hourly observations of target areas .
Here , we developed an empirical TSM retrieval algorithm for the GOCI , based on the spectral absorption index ( SAI ) .
Additionally , validations of the atmospheric correction algorithm and SAI TSM algorithm were conducted , with the GOCI - retrieved normalized water - leaving radiance ( Lwn ) and TSM well - matched with in situ values .
These results highlight the feasibility of using geostationary ocean color remote sensing to monitor short - term and regional oceanic phenomena in coastal waters .
This study focuses on tracing the error sources of the latest global satellite mapping of precipitation for global precipitation measurement ( GPM - GSMaP ) over the Tibetan Plateau by the corresponding satellite information flag provided by the retrieval system .
We investigated the characteristics of GPM - GSMaP estimates from 11 passive microwave sensors ( including 7 imagers and 4 sounders ) and 1 geo - infrared data source integrating the morphing technique ( i . e . , morph ) .
Assessment results show that imagers are generally superior to sounders and morph .
Among the seven types of imagers , the Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission Microwave Imager , which rarely underestimates heavy rain events , exhibits the best performance with total bias of - 8 . 8 % .
In contrast , the worst performance is found in the special sensor microwave imager / sounder on defense meteorological satellite program ( DMSP ) - F19 with the largest bias of approximately 39 . 8 % .
The GPM Microwave Imager shows acceptable accuracy in detecting heavy rain , but it tends to overestimate light and moderate rain .
Compared to the imagers , all the sounders produced larger biases ( > 120 % ) , although they show lower probability of missing rainfall events .
Particularly , the AMSU - A / MHS ( i . e . , Advanced Microwave Sounding Unit - A ; Microwave Humidity Sounder ) on national oceanic and atmospheric administration ( NOAA ) satellites ( i . e . , NOAA - 18 and - 19 ) display higher biases than those on meteorological operational satellite ( MetOp ) satellites ( i . e . , MetOp - A and - B ) , with dramatic overestimation up to 168 . 4 % .
The approach of tracing error reported here can enable both GPM - GSMaP users and developers to better understand the error sources of precipitation retrievals .
Remote sensing is an indispensable tool for Earth observation over large areal extent .
Snow cover extent monitoring has been one such application where microwave sensors have been a popular choice due to their sensitivity toward the dielectric property .
In addition , the effect of SAR data acquisition time on mapping algorithms is considered in this work which is seldom discussed in the literature .
Furthermore , a study is conducted to analyze the seasonal variation in the entropy ( H ) and the scattering type ( a ) parameters over the bare snow - covered ground and the forested areas .
The applicability of the approach is tested with RADARSAT - 2 ( FQ28 ) C - band full polarimetric image pairs over the Manali - Dhundi region , Himachal Pradesh , India , located in the western Hindu - Kush Himalayas .
The snow cover map is explicitly validated with in situ observatory measurements and optical satellite imagery .
Satellite remote sensing provides new insight into the large - scale changes within the Arctic sea ice cover .
In this study , satellite - derived sea ice parameters ( thickness and age ) were explored to investigate age - dependent Arctic sea ice volume changes .
Individual tree crown detection and delineation ( ITCD ) mainly depend on high - resolution aerial photos and satellite images or LiDAR , and these data can be costly to obtain .
The advent of unmanned aerial vehicle ( UAV ) remote sensing technology provides an economic and effective method for data acquisition .
Therefore , the research of ITCD based on UAV high - resolution images is of significance to improve the efficiency and accuracy of forest resource inventory and remote sensing validation .
However , in very high - resolution ( defined here with the pixel size smaller than 10 cm ) images , the inhomogeneities in the canopy texture can be detrimental to the correct detection of individual trees by computer processing .
We applied the bias field estimation , which is used in medical image segmentation , to reduce the within - canopy spectral heterogeneity in the very high - resolution UAV - derived orthophoto .
By selecting young Osmanthus and Podocarpus trees that grow in a nursery as the study objects , we tested our method in an orthophoto ( with a ground resolution of 2 . 5 cm ) generated from overlapping UAV images .
Our study proves that it is feasible and effective to detect and delineate individual tree crowns based on the bias field and marker - controlled watershed segmentation in very - high - resolution images obtained from UAV .
Mapping plants traits on theQinghai - Tibetan Plateau grassland is important for understanding ecosystem functions and how plants respond to global change .
Here , we addressed this issue by combining Sentinel - 2 and Landsat - 8 multispectral satellite data with field measurements to map and compare plant traits of meadow and steppe communities across the complete Qinghai - Tibetan Plateau .
We measured in - situ plant - level traits of CHLorophyll content ( CHL ) , specific plant area ( SPA = plant area / plant dry mass ) , and plant dry matter content ( PDMC = plant dry mass / fresh mass ) .
We hypothesized that plant - level traits of SPA and PDMC are close to community - weighted means ( CWMs ) of specific leaf area ( SLA ) and leaf dry matter content ( LDMC ) because leaves represent the largest fraction of above - ground biomass in the Qinghai - Tibetan Plateau grasslands .
Despite vastly different measurement methods , we found that the remotely sensed traits ( SPA and PDMC ) correlated with literature - derived leaf traits of CWMs of SLA and LDMC .
Both remotely sensed and field - measured results showed that alpine meadow plants reveal a wider range and higher averages of CHL and SPA but lower PDMC compared with alpine steppe plants .
Our study demonstrates that remote sensing can be used to estimate plant traits in alpine grasslands with potential applications to retrieve functional diversity and correlated ecosystem functions in future studies .
Commonly used destriping techniques in remote sensing applications have underlying Fourier transform process which tends to alter heavily the digital number values of surface features ; thus , impacting its subsequent use in any image classification scheme .
The technique is implemented on IRS - 1D LISS - III data for the mapping of forest encroachment in the Andaman and Nicobar Island , India , wherein the short wave infrared ( SWIR ) band is destriped and included in the image classification based on the linear support vector machine method .
Statistical accuracy in terms of Kappa values for the resultant classified images by 1 ) including striped SWIR , 2 ) excluding SWIR , and 3 ) using destriped SWIR band are 0 . 97 , 0 . 98 , and 1 , respectively .
Z - tests indicate that the thematic map with destriped SWIR band is statistically significantly better than the other two maps .
Estimating the carbon stock of forests , and further studying their spatiotemporal variations is an important prerequisite for assessing forest carbon sequestration capability .
This paper simulated aboveground carbon ( AGC ) of bamboo forest in Zhejiang Province , China , during 2003 - 2014 based on the combination of an improved BIOME - BGC ( BioGeochemical Cycles ) model and bamboo forest map extracted from moderate resolution imaging spectroradiometer data , and analyzed the characteristic and impact factors of the AGC spatiotemporal variations based on the geostatistical method .
The modeled AGC density significantly correlated with the plot data from continuous forest resource inventory , and led to an average correlation coefficient and normalized root mean square error ( NRMSE ) of 0 . 81 % and 17 . 15 % , respectively .
Finally , we identified changed objects by analyzing the change index using the box - whisker plot .
High - resolution remote sensing images of GF - 1 were used as the experimental data .
Remote sensing image pan sharpening has attracted researchers ' interest , since spatial resolution of multispectral ( MS ) image can be enhanced by injecting spatial details of a panchromatic image to MS image .
Two data sets acquired from IKONOS and Quick - bird satellites are used to evaluate the performance and robustness of the proposed algorithm .
The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed algorithm is competitive or superior to other conventional methods in terms of visual and quantitative analysis , as it preserves spectral information and provides high quality spatial details in the final product image .
In this study , we are aiming at developing a general framework for analyzing and estimating the optimal scale parameter for the region - merging segmentation , which is the most widely used approach for generating multiscale objects in remote sensing .
Four LV - and MI - metrics - based methods were technically integrated in this framework , and applied to a Quick - Bird and a WorldView - 2 image to evaluate the performance .
This paper presents a novel content - based remote sensing ( RS ) image retrieval system that consists of the following .
First , an image description method that characterizes both spatial and spectral information content of RS images .
Second , a supervised retrieval method that efficiently models and exploits the sparsity of RS image descriptors .
The proposed image description method characterizes the spectral content by three different novel spectral descriptors that are : raw pixel values , simple bag of spectral values and the extended bag of spectral values descriptors .
With the conjunction of the spatial and the spectral descriptors , RS image retrieval is achieved by a novel sparse reconstruction - based RS image retrieval method .
The proposed method considers a novel measure of label likelihood in the framework of sparse reconstruction - based classifiers and generalizes the original sparse classifier to the case both single - label and multi - label RS image retrieval problems .
With the depletion of fossil fuel energy , geothermal resource exploration has become an important research hotspot around the world .
Thermal infrared remote sensing technology is a new trend in the field of geothermal resources investigation and exploration , with the advantages of quick , economical study of large areas that have variations in geothermal resources and heat distribution .
Based on the MODIS thermal infrared remotely sensed data , the split - window algorithm was used to retrieve the surface temperature of the geothermal region in Eastern Liaoning , China .
Ocean Heat Content ( OHC ) and Ocean Mean temperature ( OMT ) products at seven different depths between 50 and 700 m along with Tropical Cyclone Heat Potential ( TCHP ) are hosted at Bhuvan website of National Remote Sensing Centre ( NRSC ) for activities carried out under the National Information System for Climate and Environment Studies ( NICES ) program .
These products have been generated till the availability of Tropical Rainfall Monitoring Mission Microwave Imager ( TMI ) SST .
Since TMI SST is no longer available beyond April 2015 , Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer 2 ( AMSR2 ) derived SST is considered to continue generation of the OHC and related products .
The AMSR2 derived products are found well related with TMI based estimations ( R - 2 > 0 . 99 ) at all the depth levels of 50 , 100 , 150 , 200 , 300 , 500 , and 700 m depth .
The maximum Root Mean Square Error of 7 . 9 kJ / cm ( 2 ) for OHC at 700 m depth and low scatter index ( < 0 . 005 ) indicate good quality of OHC products generated with AMSR2 based SST .
For convenience and efficiency , such applications are integrated in a Geographical Information System ( GIS ) ( Bendouda and Berrached , in Etude et r , alisation d ' UREGIS un SIG pour la gestion du r , seau routier urbain , Magister Thesis , University of Sciences and Technology of Oran Algeria 2009 ) .
GIS Map needs real time automatic updating and revisions of the road network databases .
However , due to the extreme complexity of the urban environment , there are currently many methods involving the extraction of roads by means of automatic or semi - automatic approaches in rural and sub - urban areas ; but in urban environment the majority of these methods failed , due to the complexity of this environment and the complex appearance of the road in the remotely sensed image .
In this paper , we introduce a new approach to extract road network in urban area from low resolution satellite images .
It detects the road segments automatically in many directions .
Presence of dense vegetation and cloud cover in tropical regions are main obstacles in alteration mapping using satellite imageries .
In this study , Landsat 8 and ASTER level 1B images were used to map clay minerals and quartz rich zones at Selinsing gold mine and surrounding areas .
The results of image processing methods were verified by in situ inspection and X - ray diffraction analyses .
This study used a new type of remote - sensing data , NPP - VIIRS , to locate poverty - stricken areas based on nighttime light , taking Chongqing Municipality as a sample , and constructed a multidimensional poverty index ( MPI ) system , guided by a well - known and widely used conceptual framework of sustainable livelihood .
By improving the accuracy of targeting , this method of identifying multidimensional poverty areas could help the Chinese government improve the effectiveness of poverty reduction strategies , and it could also be used as a reference for other countries or regions that seek to target poor areas that suffer multidimensional deprivation .
Hence , this study aimed to identify the exact interior sources of dust in Khuzestan Province ( Iran ) , using a hybrid method of remote sensing , GIS and sedimentology .
The major layers were extracted by performing the necessary computational process on the image of the Landsat 8 satellite .
Moreover , according to the results , it can be said that satellite images , especially those with efficient resolutions such as Landsat 8 products , are suitable basis data for extracting indicators ( temperature , humidity and vegetation ) of the dust sources .
Comparative examination of Survey of India Topographical Map sheets of 1972 - 1973 survey and satellite data of 1999 , 2006 , 2007 , 2008 and 2017 period has revealed that the niche point of Ganga river has shifted about 2 . 9 km upstream ( westward ) from immediate west of Faizullahpur ( in 1973 ) to the south of Rangpura ( by 2017 ) .
Through - the - wall radar imaging is a research area which has gathered renewed interest with the development of powerful millimeter - wave sources and detectors .
Here , a % V - band single - pixel imaging system based on CS , which utilizes a mechanically controlled spatial light modulator to rapidly acquire the image , is demonstrated for metallic targets placed behind drywall .
The system uses a frequency - modulated continuous wave W - band transmitter to illuminate the wall and the target .
The system can differentiate and locate a behind - the - wall object through the frequency swept Michelson interferometry analysis , since the strong reflections from the surface of the wall and the object induce an interference effect , which is observed at the receiver .
Using larger optics and uniquely patterned masks such techniques can provide the solutions toward cast - effective , rapid analysis of structural changes in or behind visibly opaque media .
Land cover classification using polarimetric synthetic aperture radar ( PolSAR ) images is an important tool for remote sensing analysis .
In view that PolSAR image effective interpretation is commonly affected by the absence of discriminative features and the presence of speckle noises , this letter proposes an adaptive nonlocal stacked sparse autoencoder ( ANSSAE ) to achieve PolSAR image classification .
Experimental results on two real PolSAR images demonstrate that the proposed approach can significantly improve the classification accuracy .
Since the beginning of the soil moisture and ocean salinity mission , the pervading presence of radio frequency interferences ( RFI ) has been one of the mast problematic issues .
The effect of an RFI is not just a hot spot but also six tails along the three main axes , and the general presence of ripples which degrade the quality of L1 brightness temperature snapshots .
New RFI mitigation techniques , such as nodal sampling , are very effective in reducing the impact of tails and ripples , but in some cases they lead to the spread of the RFI main lobe , with a significant loss of data on the affected area .
To obtain spatial feature distributions from the mixed pixels of remote sensing images and increase the accuracy of land - cover classification and recognition , a double - calculated spatial attraction model ( DSAM ) based on the combination of spatial attraction model ( SAM ) and pixel swapping model ( PSM ) is presented and verified by introducing the law of universal gravitation to describe the attraction between pixels .
Using a SPOT - 5 remote sensing image , related subpixel mapping ( SPM ) experiments were performed to verify the SPM effect of DSAM and to test its accuracy .
DSAM was proven effective and applicable for the SPM of remotely sensed images , and the model can improve the accuracy of SPM and landcover classification .
We solve the problem of scene recognition from very high - resolution optical satellite remote sensing ( RS ) images by exploring the notion of mid - level feature mining .
Experimental results suggest that the proposed technique outperforms a number of existing mid - level feature descriptors for the standard optical RS data sets .
Automatic airport extraction in remote sensing images ( RSIs ) has been widely applied in military and civil applications .
An efficient airport extraction framework for RSIs is constructed in this letter .
Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed extraction framework shows good adaptability in remote sensing scenes , and uniformly achieves high detection rate and low false alarm rate .
Compared with three state - of - the - art algorithms , our proposal can not only estimate the location of airport targets , but also extract detailed information of the airport contours .
Due to the inevitable existence of clouds and their shadows in optical remote sensing images , certain ground - cover information is degraded or even appears to be missing , which limits analysis and utilization .
Thus , cloud removal is of great importance to facilitate downstream applications .
Motivated by the sparse representation techniques which have obtained a stunning performance in a variety of applications , including target detection , anomaly detection , and so on ; we propose a two - pass robust principal component analysis ( RPCA ) framework for cloud removal in the satellite image sequence .
However , it still needs further study for aircraft detection task , since intraclass variation still restricts the accuracy of aircraft detection in remote sensing images .
A confident knowledge of land surface emissivity at viewing zenith angles far from nadir is of prime interest to perform an accurate correction of the anisotropy effect in the measurements made by orbiting thermal infrared ( TIR ) sensors .
It is also important for the correct treatment of angular measurements carried out by remote sensors such as AATSR / ENVISAT , MODIS / Terra - Aqua , or the recently launched SLSTR / Sentinel - 3 , which can also be used for the angular normalization of land surface temperature due to viewing geometry effect .
In this letter , the anisotropy of TIR emissivity predicted by two analytical , Warren - Wiscombe - Dozier and Hapke , models based on Mie diffraction theory was compared with field - measured values under dry conditions .
Morphological attribute profiles ( APs ) have thus far been proven effective for remote sensing image classification by several research studies .
However , recent studies have shown that a direct application of APs to highly textured and structured images , especially in very high - resolution ( VHR ) optical imagery , may be insufficient .
Experimental results from both natural textures and VHR optical remotely sensed images show that the proposed approach can produce superior classification performance than the standard APs , HAPs , LFAPs , as well as the classical combination of APs with textural features .
As such , the presented solutions may be considered for prospective formation - flying remote sensing missions with baseline precision requirements at the subcentimeter level .
In the article we present an analytic aspect of TLS multi - station least - squares adjustment with the main focus on the datum problem .
The importance of datum problem solution is seen in a complete description of TLS multi - station adjustment solutions from a set of all minimally constrained least - squares solutions .
At the end a simulated example is used to analyze the results of TLS multi - station minimally constrained and inner constrained least - squares adjustment solutions .
Microwave imagery has a distinct advantage over optical imagery in high - latitude areas because it allows data to be acquired independently of cloud cover and solar illumination .
Synthetic aperture radar ( SAR ) - based monitoring has become increasingly important for understanding the state and dynamics of permafrost landscapes at the regional scale .
This study presents a permafrost landscape mapping method that uses multi - temporal TerraSAR - X backscatter intensity and interferometric coherence information .
The proposed method can classify permafrost landscape features and map the two most important features in sub - arctic permafrost environments : permafrost - affected areas and thermokarst ponds .
The proposed method can produce permafrost landscape maps in complex sub - arctic environments and improve our understanding of the effects of climate change on permafrost landscapes .
This classification strategy can be transferred to other time - series SAR datasets , e . g . , Sentinel - 1 , and other heterogeneous environments .
Although satellite - derived LST can provide valuable information , the value is often limited by cloud contamination .
In this paper , a two - step satellite - derived LST reconstruction framework is proposed .
First , a multi - temporal reconstruction algorithm is introduced to recover invalid LST values using multiple LST images with reference to corresponding remotely sensed vegetation index .
With shortwave irradiation data , the clear - sky LST is corrected to the real LST under cloudy conditions .
Sparse unmixing aims at recovering pure materials from hyperpspectral images and estimating their abundance fractions .
The characteristics of hyperspectral images are integrated into the proposed method , which leads to a new spectra and multi - objective based sparse unmixing method ( SMoSU ) .
To handle this problem , we integrate the spectral characteristic of hyperspectral images into SMoSU .
By considering the spectral correlation in hyperspectral data , we improve the Tchebycheff decomposition function in SMoSU via a new regularization item .
In this study , we combine OBIA and template matching techniques to address these problems and aim for accurate photovoltaic panel ( PVP ) extraction from very high resolution ( VHR ) aerial imagery .
Automatic template generation and matching method for PVP extraction from VHR imagery are designed for concept and model validation .
Results show that the proposed method can successfully extract PVPs without any user - specified matching template or training sample .
To document the spatio - temporal patterns of the floodplain vegetation , the need arises for efficient monitoring techniques .
Monitoring is commonly performed by mapping floodplains based on single - epoch remote sensing data , thereby not considering seasonal dynamics of vegetation .
The rising availability of unmanned airborne vehicles ( UAV ) increases monitoring frequency potential .
Therefore , we aimed to evaluate the performance of multi - temporal high spatial - resolution imagery , collected with a UAV , to record the dynamics in floodplain vegetation height and greenness over a growing season .
Since the classification accuracy of current airborne surveys remains insufficient for low vegetation types , we focussed on seasonal variation of herbaceous and grassy vegetation with a height up to 3 m .
